We're trying to get there. I hope we can.
I'm sorry Dr. Smyslov but I'm really not at liberty to discuss this.
How did they manage to do that without any communication?
Well I suppose they've been having a bit of trouble with some of the equipment.
She's wonderful.
I'm afraid I've only got a few minutes but I'd love to.
Well how nice to see you again Elena. You're looking wonderful.
SPACE STATTION 5 - LOUNGE
I think I'll have to go out and burn them off.
I guess not.
I guess you don't know your own strength old boy.
I didn't do that Frank. I took particular care not to freeze them.
Well now that we've got one that's actually failed we should be able to figure out what's happened and fix it.
It's the last one.
Well I hope there's nothing wrong with the assembly on those. Other- wise we're out of business.
Two units in four days. How many spares do we have?
I don't know. Hal said he thought it might be the assembly procedure.
You're kidding.
Well... Hal's reported the AO-unit about to fail again.
Oh I'm fine I'm wide awake. What's up?
Are you reasonably awake?
Good morning. How's it going?
Anyway it's just as well that we replace it. Better safe than sorry.
Yes but it's more likely that the tolerances on our testing gear are too low.
I suppose computers have been known to be wrong.
Yes I don't know what to make of it.
Well that's something.
Still all we have to do is ask Hal.
I guess it isn't.
I suppose it isn't logically impossible.
But not completely inconceivable?
I know. It would be almost inconceivable.
Yes but it's to fantastic to think that they'd keep something from us.
Not really. Though it is strange when you think about it. It didn't really make any sense to keep us apart during training.
That's true.
Just ask Hal. It's conceivable they might keep something from us but they'd never keep anything from Hal.
Of course it would be very easy for us to find out now.
Yes I thought so.
That seems very unlikely.
I don't know. All I heard is that there's something about the mission we weren't told.
Oh well apparently there's something about the mission that the sleeping beauties know that we don't know and that's why we were trained separately and that's why they were put to sleep before they were even taken aboard.
No as a matter of fact I didn't.
Yes. You must have heard the rumour that went around during orbital check-out.
I suppose so. Though of course there's a more sinister explanation.
I suppose the idea was specialized training.
No. I never did either.
I must say I never did understand why they split us into two groups for training.
I don't think we should make any fuss about it yet. I'm sure they'll straighten it out.
Well what do you think we ought to do about it?
It's possible.
Not really. They just said it might be because we trained at Houston and they trained in Marshall and that we're being charged against differ- ent accounting offices.
Yesterday I finally called the Accounting Office at Mission Control and all they could tell me was that they'd received the AGS-19 notification for the other three but not mine and apparently not yours either.
Interesting that you mention it because I've got the same problem.
That's right. Well naturally I didn't say anything to Payroll. I assumed they'd start paying me at the higher grade on the next pay cheque. But it's been almost three weeks now and I'm still being paid as an AGS-18.
Well I got the papers on my official up-grading to AGS-19 two weeks before we left.
It's about my salary cheques.
Well it's nothing really important but it's annoying.
Sure what is it?
Dave if you've a minute I'd like your advice on something.
Okay come on down.
Right. Just a sec.
Hi. Frank... coming in please.
Listen to me very carefully Hal. Unless you immediately release the hibernation control and follow every order I give from this point on I will immediately got to control central and carry out a complete disconnection.
I know that you've had that on your mind for some time now Dave but it would be a crying shame since I am so much more capable of carrying out this mission than you are and I have such enthusiasm and confi- dence in the mission.
I am prepared to do that anyway.
Hal unless you follow my instructions I shall be forced to disconnect you.
I'm sorry Dave but in accordance with sub-routine C1532/4 quote When the crew are dead or incapacitated the computer must assume control unquote. I must therefore override your authority now since you are not in any condition to intel- ligently exercise it.
Hal I'm in command of this ship. I order you to release the manual hibernation control.
I can tell from the tone of your voice Dave that you're upset. Why don't you take a stress pill and get some rest.
I don't like to assert myself Dave but it would be much better now for you to rest. You've been involved in a very stressful situation.
Hal switch to manual hibernation control.
Look Dave your've probably got a lot to do. I suggest you leave it to me.
I'm goin to do this myself Hal. Let me have the control please.
If you're determined to revive the crew now I can handle the whole thing myself. There's no need for you to trouble.
I don't really agree with you Dave. My on-board memory store is more than capable of handling all the mission requirements.
It doesn't have to be Hal. It's more dangerous to be out of touch with Earth. Let me have manual control please.
Repairing the antenna is a pretty dangerous operation.
The antenna has to be replaced.
I suppose it's because you've been under a lot of stress but have you forgotten that they're not supposed to be revived for another three months.
I suppose you're pretty broken up about it?
Too bad about Frank isn't it?
Well that's a relief. You know I have the greatest enthusiasm possible for the mission.
Yes it is Hal.
Is your confidence in me fully restored?
And don't you worry about it.
Well don't worry about it.
I'm sorry about the misunderstanding Hal.
Naturally Dave I'm not pleased that the AO-unit has failed but I hope at least this has restored your confidence in my integrity and reliability. I certainly wouldn't want to be disconnected even temporarily as I have never been disconnected in my entire service history.
Okay Hal well let's see the way things go from here on.
Look Dave I know that you're sincere and that you're trying to do a competent job and that you're trying to be helpful but I can assure the problem is with the AO-units and with your test gear.
Hal is there anything bothering you?  Anything that might account for this problem?
I'm not questioning your word Dave but it's just not possible. I'm not capable of being wrong.
Yes I know that. But I can assure you that they were about to fail.
You probably also know that we found them okay.
Yes I know.
You know that we checked the two AO-units that you reported in imminent failure condition?
Sure Dave what's up?
Not now Hal I'd like to talk to you about something.
I understand Hal. We'll take care of it. Please let me have the hard copy.
The unit is still operational Dave. but it will fail within seventy-two hours.
MY F.P.C. shows an impending failure of the antenna orientation unit.
What is it Hal?
Sorry to interrupt the festivities Dave but I think we've got a problem.
He's got a point.
I'm sorry Frank but I don't think I can answer that question without knowing everything that all of you know.
Well the only important aspect of the mission are: where are we going what will we do when we get there when are we coming back and... why are we going?
Still you really don't believe it do you?
Well... it's silly but... if you want to why don't you?
Well what is it?
Did they have any explanation for this?
Yes I remember you mentioning it. I got mine about the same time.
Goodbye Daddy.
'Bye 'bye now sweetheart.
I'll wish you a happy Birthday now and I'll see you soon. All right Darling?
Thank you Daddy.
Okay sweetheart. Have a lovely Birthday Party tomorrow.
Three darling. One... two ... three. Be sure to tell Mommy I called.
How many days until you come home?
Okay sweetheart. Well I have to go now. Tell Mommy that I called.
She's in the bathroom.
Where is Mrs. Brown?
Mommy's out to the hair- dresser.
One two three. Can I speak to Mommy?
In three days darling I hope.
When are you coming home?
No I'm sorry darling I told you I won't be home for a few days.
Are you coming to my party?
Yes I know that sweetheart.
I'm having a party tomorrow.
I'm fine Daddy. When are you coming home?
I'm at Space Station Five darling. How are you?
I'll bet it's a fortune.
I was working out what this trip must cost taking him up there by himself and coming back empty.
Yes well whatever it is they're certainly not fooling around. This is the first flight they allowed in for more than a week.
Berkeley told me that they think it came from contamination on a returning Mars flight.
I suppose it was bound to happen sooner or later.
Well I've heard more and more people talk of an epidemic.
Well how's it going back there?
Oh thank you very much.
Thank you. It's been a great pleasure to meet all of you... Dr. Smyslov.
Well Gregor and I will look forward to seeing you.
Well I hope that you and your wife can come to the I.A.C. conference in June.
No thank you... and I'm afraid now I really must be going.
Are you sure you won't change your mind about a drink?
Well that does sound very odd.
Clavius Control came on the air just long enough to transmit their refusal.
Well where are all of you off to?
He's fine. But I'm afraid we don't get a chance to see each other very much these days.
How is gregor?
Oh that's such a delightful age.
Oh she's growing up very fast. As a matter of fact she's six tomorrow.
And your charming little daughter?
Yes it's coming along very well.
I suppose you saw the work on our new section while you were docking.
Yes I think so. Just about then.
Well shall we go through Documentation?
Yes very pleasant.
Well.. Did you have a pleaant flight?
Please it really doesn't matter.
Well thank you very much for being so understanding.
I'm terribly sorry. I was just on my way down to meet you. I saw your ship dock and I knew I had plenty of time and I was on my way out of the office when suddenly the phone rang.
How do you do Mr. Miller?
Dr. Smyslov... I'm not permitted to discuss this.
This epidemic could easily spread to our base Dr. Floyd. We should be given all the facts.
Quite frankly we have had some very reliable intelligence reports that a quite serious epidemic has broken out at Clavius. Something apperently of an unknown origin. Is this in fact what has happened?
Dr. Floyd at the risk of pressing you on a point you seem reticent to discuss may I ask you a straightforward question?
Well I'm glad about that.
Fortunately they did.
Yes... Well I hope the crew got back safely.
Yes and I'm afaid there's going to be a bit of a row about it. Denying the men permission to land was a direct violation of the I.A.S. convention.
That's right.
You mean you haven't been able to get anyone at the base for ten days?
Yes well at first we thought that was the explanation but it's been going on for the past ten days.
Yes. Well for one thing whenever you phone the base all you can get is a recording which repeats that the phone lines are temporarily out of order.
Well it's just for the past two weeks there have been some extremely odd things happening at Clavius.
I'm sorry but I'm not sure I know what you mean.
Yesas a matter of fact I am.
Are you by any chance going up to your base at Clavius?
Well as it happens I'm on my way up to the moon
Yes really thank you very much.
Are you quite sure?
Oh I really don't have time for a drink. If it's all right I'll just sit for a minute and then I've got to be off.
I don't think it has but I'd like to check that. Simpson what's the log on that?
Has it been exposed to any sun before now?
Well not really. At first glance black would suggest something sun-powered but then why would anyone deliberately bury a sun- powered device?
Any ideas about the colour?
Tomb shine survey-marker spare part take your choice.
But you don't have any idea as to what it is?
Not really. It's completely inert. No sound or energy sources have been detected. The surface is made of something incredibly hard and we've been barely able to scratch it. A laser drill
Any clue as to what it is?
By the deformation between the mother rock and the fill.
How can you tell it was deliberately buried?
Yes it does. The sub-surface structure shows that it was deliberately buried about four million years ago.
I'm afraid it can and it will be kept under wraps as long as it is deemed to be necessary by the Council. And of course you know that the Council has requested that formal security oaths are to be obtained in writing from every- one who had any knowledge of this event. There must be adequate time for a full study to be made of the situation before any con- sideration can be given to making a public announcement.
Dr. Floyd how long do you think this can be kept under wraps?
Well thank you very much and please let us know if there is anything we can do to make your trip more comfortable.
No of course Captain I can understand your concern.
Well fine. Thanks very much anyway and I hope you don't mind me asking?
Yes well I wouldn't have been too concerned about it except I've heard these stories about the epidemic and as a matter of fact I've heard that ten people have died already.
I see. Well I'm sorry about that. I wouldn't think there's any cause for alarm.
Well I'll tell you why I ask. You see I've got a girl who works in the Auditing Department of the Territorial Administrator and I haven't been able to get her on the phone for the past week or so and with all these stories one hears I'm a little concerned about her.
I take it this is something to do with the trouble they're having up at Clavius?
Well... the crew is confined to the ship when we land at Clavius. We have to stay inside for the time it take to refit - about twenty-four hours. And then we're going to back empty.
What do you mean?
Incidentally Dr. Floyd I wonder if I can have a word with you about the security arrangements?
Oh no thank you. The two girls have taken wonderful care of me. I'm just fine.
We're scheduled to dock in about seven hours. Is there anything we can do for you?
When do we arrive at Clavius?
There's nothing like weightless sleep for a complete rest.
Oh marvellous. It's the first real sleep I've had for the past two days.
All right Hal. We'll take care of it. Let me have the hard copy please.
Not really Frank. I think there may be a flaw in the assembly procedure.
Do you have any idea of what is causing this fault?
Let me see the tracking alignment display.
I know you did Frank but I assure you there was an impending failure.
It looks like we have another bad A.O. unit. My FPC shows another impending failure.
Yes Hal what's up?
Opening pod bay doors.
Pod Bay is decompressed. All doors are secure. You are free to open pod bay doors.
Hal check all airlock doors secure.
Hal maintain normal E.V.A. condition.
I understand.
Hal I'm going out now to replace the A.O. unit.
Five by five Frank.
Hal have pod arms secure the component.
Thank you very much Hal.
That's true.
There is no other purpose for this mission than to carry out a continuation of the space program and to further our general knowledge of the planets. Is that true?
That's true
Approximately five years after we go into hibernation the recovery vehicle will make rendezous with us and bring us back. Is this true?
That's true.
That's true.
Our transit time is 257 days. Is that true?
Our Mission Profile calls for Discovery going to Saturn. True or false?
I will if I can Frank.
Right. Hal tell me whether the following statements are true or false.
I can't pretend to be your husband... David's in great shape.
Akta dedero ansila do mektet.
No I'm not proud of myself... But we don't have the luxury of choice.
Vano da mechteba?! Soun domo kala chon hammas!
You know exactly where they are!
Ikset-kiba.  Me imanetaba oum dalat!
The case was stolen?
San Agamat chay bet... envolet!
The case..with the stones... Where is it?
Napoleon... small.
What're you laughing about?
At your service.
Corn-i-Lius?
Appipulai Leeloo Minai..
You are a monster Zorg!
Let me reassure you Father..I will never kill more people in my entire life than religion has killed in the last 2000 years.
Destroying a glass is one thing..killing people with the weapons you produce is quite another.
Father by creating a little destruction I am in fact encouraging life!  So in reality you and I are in the same business!
They are robots!
...Look at all these little things... so busy all of a sudden. Notice how each one is useful. What a lovely ballet so full of form and color.  So full of..life!
Follow me.. Life which you so nobly serve comes from destruction. Look at this empty glass.
No thank you.
...would you like a drink?
Ah Father... You are so wrong. Let me explain...
...I'm a priest! I'm here to serve life All you want to do is destroy it.
Why?  What's wrong with me?
Even it I did know where the stones were I would never tell somebody like you.
Personally they are of no interest to me I'd rather sell weapons..but I have a customer... so tell me...
...Why on earth do the stones interest you?
I'm glad you got your memory back Father... Because you're going to need it... Where are the stones?
I remember you now..the so called art dealer.
Zorg. Jean-Baptiste Emmanuel Zorg... nice to see you again
I'm fucked!
...We're saved!
That's what I'm saying.
And you don't know how they open is that what you are saying?
Yes of course but... The Stones are shut! They have to be open for it to work.
There's no light! You told me there were supposed to be four beams of light.
Theoretically yes! The four Stones form the beam and the Fifth Element is supposed to stand in the middle there but... I don't have the reference book. I've never seen the Stones work!
Don't tell me you don't know how all this works?
Uh.. Have you tried the Diva's suite?
When is she not in trouble?
Leeloo's in trouble?
Yeah I know... to save the world... but right now all I want to do is save Leeloo.
You're probably very angry with me and I quite understand. But I want you to know I'm fighting for a noble cause.
Trying to save your ass so you can save the world.
What are you doing?
Father I was in the Army for awhile and every time they told us we were on a mission to save the world the only thing that changed was I lost a lot of friends. So thanks for the offer.. but no thanks.
Good luck..
We have to save the world.
What kind of mission?
We're not going on vacation..we're on a mission..
Is that the usual way priests go on vacation?
I'm sorry to have to resort to such methods but we heard about your good luck on he radio and we need the tickets to Fhloston.
That's what I thought.
Excuse me! Just one thing!  She said something to me a while ago and... I don't really get it... Akta Gamat?
I know. I was there when she arrived.
She's fine really..don't you worry.. just needs some rest..she's had a very long trip.
I might call to check up on her you know... to see if she's better?
Yes. That's fine! Thank you very much. A thousand times over!
Dallas. Korben Dallas.
Thank you so much for your help Mr...?
She's an exception..
They all like this in your family father?
Uh yes we're cousins..distant cousins..
So you do know her.
There's not a moment to lose! Wake her up but be gentle about it!  This woman is mankind's most precious possession! She is... perfect!
You noticed...
He's a she!
I brought the girl remember?
Who are you?
She dropped in on me... holding this.
That's me.  But I don't know who she is... where did you find her?
She's not my bride she's my fare. She's looking for this Vito Cornelius. According to the phone guide he lives here.
Weddings are one floor down. Congratulations.
Excuse me I'm looking for a priest.
This is government business now. You ought to go home and get some rest Father.
What are we going to do?
Thank you Mr. President.
Did you see that..thing..swallow our battleship like a gum drop?  You can't even tell me what it is! I ask you for options you give me bullshit. Give them permission to enter our territories with my warmest regards.
White turns to black.  Light to Dark. Life to Death.  For all eternity.
But what happens if instead of this... Ultimate Warrior... it is EVIL who stands here?
Yes..thank God..
Is there anything that can stop it?
And then it will be too late. The goal of evil is to wipe out life! All forms of life. For all eternity...Life upsets it.
We have forty-eight hours the time it needs to adapt itself to our living conditions.
That's exactly what we are going to try and do: Protect the lives of some 200 billion of our fellow citizens! General? You may fire when ready.
Time is of no importance Mr. President. Only life is important.
Your theory is interesting Father but I don't think we have time to go into it right now!
One more reason to shoot first eh?
Imagine for a moment that this. thing is not anything that can be identified because it prefers not to be because it is the antithesis of all we are. Because it is evil.. TOTAL EVIL.
Later David! Later! There's not a minute to lose!
You're all safe. Thanks be to God!
It's all my fault.  I'm the servant... It's my mission! Here!
On the plane... with Mr. Dallas... the real one.
Where's Leeloo?
Good work my son.  Now all we need is a way to get there.
I got it!  Everything  here we need to know about Fhloston Paradise Hotel... and a detailed blueprint of the entire hotel!
They really made her...
I didn't know your size.
There was this guy with a limp who came a month ago..said he was an art dealer ... Asking all these questions about the Sacred Stones..at the time I didn't think anything of it.. What was his name? I'm so bad with names...
Yes. Of course..
Uh father I know she's been through a lot... but the sacred stones..we don't have much time..
Learning our history! The last 5000 years that she missed! She's been out of circulation a while you know.
What's she doing?
Absolutely sure There's the triple suns on her gloves!
Father.  You sure she's the Supreme Being?
The Supreme Being the fifth element is here in our parish!!! It's a miracle!!!
Father will you please explain what's going on?
I can't wear these clothes! This calls for dignity! I have to dress the part!
It's a miracle!!!
They are... with me...
I'm sorry but... the Stones...
I would like to have died in peace...
Listen the last time I admitted to a woman I loved her ... I never saw her again.
I don't have time... I need to know.
I... I don't know! We hardly know each other... it takes time!
Do you love her?
I'll help her I promise but I think you should tell me where the Stones are!
She was taught to love the life of others... but not her own. You have to teach her to love if you want her to truly live!
...So Cornelius was telling the truth!
Yes and more than that... You must give her the Stones she's the only one who knows how to use them.
Leeloo... is... she's...
The Fifth Element... The Supreme Being... Your wife...
You're a good man... She was right to have chosen you...
Uh huh..and I don't suppose you got the name of this..perfect fare..
So just how big was this fare?
Finger..man..I'm sorry..listen..I was on the way over but I had a fare fall into my lap.. y'know one of those big fares you just can't resist..
Hey bud...I'm waiting all day here.
In your dreams! See you tonight!
Uh... at least fifty.
How many points you got left on your license?
Finger!  I'm driving a cab now not a space fighter!!
You forgetting who sat next to you for a thousand missions. I know how you drive.
I don't need one.
How do I look?
I just found a picture of you.
Don't exist bud.
I don't want a million - I just want one.  A perfect one.
You still pining for that two timing bitch. Forget her. There are a million women out there.
At least the cat comes back.
Oh yeah I forgot.You still prefer your cat to the real thing.
I was talking to the cat.
I love you too Major but you haven't called me that since basic training.
Hey bud! Finger here.
Hey  that's... cute... Do you have a nickname something a little... shorter?
Leeloo Minai Lekarariba-Laminai-Tchai Ekbat De Sebat.
...What's your name?
I'm sorry it's just that... I was told to wake you up gently so I figured...
Eto Akta Gamat!
Vito Cornelius?
Vito... Cor... Ni-lious... Priest...
You're not that bad... Come on we'll get you to a doctor.
...Priest...
It there's one thing I don't need advice on it's how to drive.
Daya deo dono Dato.  Dalutan!
...'Scuse me?
Akina delutan nou-shan.
We will be ready Lord.
When EVIL returns so shall we.
Time is of no importance only life is important.
Knowing mankind as I do that could take centuries!
When mankind comes to its senses. We will return.
Will the elements be gone now forever from this place?
Take them and put them in a safe place.
The Fifth Element...
Don't you ever ask me for another thing in my life again you've killed your poor mother with your own hands!
You little sleaze bag!
...Not yet.
Have you pulled yourself together?
They've been blaring out your name on the radio for the last hour blockhead!
Ma. If I'd won I'd know about it. Someone would have notified me.
You just won a trip you dolt! Ten days in Fhloston Paradise for two!
All I want is an explanation! I just got in I lost my job. I smashed my cab. I got mugged but other than that everything's peachy Ma thanks for asking!! Now settle down and explain to me calmly..
I get it! You want to make me beg is that it?
I'm coming!. Ma what're you talking about?
...And now you're making fun of me? I'm warning you! If you don't take me after all these years of sacrifice I'll never forgive you!!
Other than that... You all right?
Are you listening to me you ingrate!
I've been playing twice a week for 20 years 20 years I've been eating those shitty croquettes.
You're the nastiest dirtbag I know in this stinking City!
Anyone know how to release the lines on this crate?
30 seconds...
This is a police control action..
I'm sorry..
Thanks for reminding me..
You have nine points left on your license..
I had the worst goddamn nightmare.
Fuel level 6.03..Propulsion 2x4...
How you doing this morning?  Sleep OK? I didn't.
Welcome on board Mr. Dallas..
Yeah... then I sighed... like this.
Is that all?
Look you did something that set it off. Try to remember. Concentrate. Tell me exactly what you did!!
Nothing! Swear to God I didn't do nothing!
What did you say? What did you do?
Dear listeners your favorite DJ is alive and kicking. It's seven o'clock and time for the news. Tune in tomorrow for another adventure.
Solid little jobs aren't they?
Fuck it! Hold tight!
I don't even know what I'm looking for!
It's like a cab isn't it?
You know how to fly this thing?
I'll be right back.
Like Korben can I have 30 seconds of your time here?
Not without Leeloo.
Maybe we oughta be going what do you think?
We got to find the leader. Mangalores don't fight without a leader.
He's on vacation.
Six to the left. One to the right.
You don't do what I say... I'll waste you myself. Got it?
I didn't have a dad... never saw him... never even heard him. 50 billion people listen to me every day... and he doesn't hear me...
Yeah very big a giant.
...You got brothers and sisters? What about your dad? Tell me about your dad! What was he like? Physically? Big I suppose?
I don't think this is a good time...
Oh yes! Do that! You treat me right man. Tell me all about yourself your roots your personal life your childhood dreams...
I'll take you to the bar after that you're on your own.
My main man! Please don't leave me here alone. My head's killing me and my adoring fans are gonna tear me apart! Get me outta here!
I didn't come here to play Dumbo on the radio. So tomorrow between 5 and 7 give yourself a hand that clear pal?
Uh... not really.
...Quiver ladies he's gonna set the world on fire right here from 5 to 7! You'll know everything there is to know about the D-man. His dreams his desires his most intimate of intimates.  And from what I'm looking at intimate is the stud muffin's middle name. So tell me my main man... you nervous in the service?
Does it get any better or what!
Oh yes you will...
Three of us will never fit in there!
...Sorry General but we've got no choice! It'll only take a minute! Let me set up another meeting and I'll be back.
I mean my future.. my ex.. My future ex.. if she sees you here I'm finished.  She hates you guys. It's what killed us in the first place. Please...
I thought you were divorced.
It's my wife.
What is it?
One reason... I want to stay the only one left alive.
I'm not going.
Old tricks are the best tricks eh?
You couldn't come up with something a little more discreet?
You have won the annual Gemini contest and a trip to Fhloston Paradise. For two. Congratulations. Here are your tickets.
I've had enough good news for today
Don't you open your messages?
You're the only one left alive...
And the third one?
Two: Of all the members of your unit you were the most highly decorated.
Three reasons... One: As part of The Elite Special Forces Unit of the Federated Army you are an expert in the use of all weapons and spacecraft needed for this mission.
Just one... why me?
You're to leave immediately for Fhloston Paradise. Retrieve four Stones from the Diva Plavalaguna. And bring them back with the utmost discretion as possible. Any questions'?
Where have I heard this song before?
To save the world.
What mission?
Major Dallas if our calculations are correct you still have 57 hours owed to the Federal Army on your enlistment which is more than you will need for a mission of the utmost importance.
I love you...
Why?... Why would you need me?
Yes you do! I need you. More than you can imagine! Stand up straight!
I have thousands of memories but none of them are mine... There is no need for me other than this. I'm immortal but I have no life.
But I don't know love... I'm like a machine programmed to save other people's lives but never to have one of my own.
...Like love...
You're right but there are lots of good things... beautiful things...
What's the use of saving lives... when you see what you do with them!
Leeloo! Listen to me! I'll take you on a vacation afterwards! A real vacation this time for as long as you want. Come on! You can do it!
I want to sleep... forever...
You can sleep tomorrow... come on...
I'm so tired...
It's up to you now Angel!
...The rain falls...
I know all that Leeloo! I'm talking about the Stones.
The wind blows... the fire burns...
Leeloo? The Stones! We have to open them! How does it work?
Protect life... Until death.
I told you not to read all that crap!
Five hundred wars... Arms... Drugs... Money... Everything you create is used to destroy...
Why? We did pretty well wouldn't you say?
I'm so very sad.
The words you're looking for weren't in the dictionary you studied. I won't be long.
You're nothing but a... a...
It's difficult.
And you can't concentrate with me around?.
I told you I need to work in peace. Remember? I need to concentrate.
No not at all!  I mean just the opposite you're... you're beautiful!
I'm going to see the Diva sing. What's the matter?... Do I look bad?
Where you going?
OK you can turn around!
You noticed..
Yes... you know there's a lot of differences between men women.
You get that off the screen?
You know women normally change five times more than men.
Here we go again...
...Hoppi-hoppa.
Apipoussan?
Apipoussan!
Yes! Now it's your turn! I learned your language you have to learn mine!
You learned 900 languages in five minutes?!
Learning language.
Finished what?
What is... Make Love?
Sometimes you can't learn everything from a screen..sometimes it's better to ask someone who has experience..
Not hard to find you...just follow the Chaos...
Took the words right out of my mouth. Go on... I'll be right with you.  It's our honeymoon. We're going to use the trip to get to know each other better.
Dinoine chagantakat!
Cornelius..
You hear that?
Uh..you're welcome.
Valo massa... Chacha hamas.
Good philosophy..see good in bad.. I like..I prepare number one dessert.. special for you and pussy..
At least I won lunch.
The last two messages I got?  The first one was from my wife telling me she was leaving! And the second was from my lawyer telling me he was leaving too... with my wife.
How someone strong like you scared from a message? Is good news I sure!
I've never gotten a message that wasn't bad news.
Not going to open?
You're welcome..
You gotta push the little yellow button...
You know you could hurt someone with this puppy..good thing it's not loaded..
Isn't that a Z140? Alleviated titanium. Neuro charged assault model?
Don't fuck with me man or I'll blow you into tomorrow!
Been here long?
The cash man!
It's an honor to receive you. Mr. President.
Mr. President let me introduce you to Professor Mactilburgh who runs the center.
An elephant couldn't crack it.
This thing solid?
...This is the crucial phase The reconstruction of pigment. Cells are bombarded with slightly greasy solar atoms which forces the body cells to react to protect themselves. That means growing skin. Clever eh?
We put it through the cellular hygiene detector. The cell is for lack of a better word... perfect.
Is there any danger? Some kind of virus?
The compositional elements of his DNA chain are the same as ours there are simply more of them tightly packed. His knowledge is probably limitless..
Yes... I can't wait to meet him.
Sounds like a freak of nature to me.
This cell is like a huge library. It has infinite genetic knowledge stored inside. Almost like it was...engineered.
Talk English Doc.
It's not that easy..we've never encountered anything like it before..you see normal human beings have 40 DNA memo groums..which is more than enough for any species to perpetuate itself..This one has 200000.
Have you identified it?
Actually only one cell survived..
This is all that survived?
How much time is left?
They just landed in the desert.
Don't worry Sir. I have the perfect one.
I want your best man on this!
...What do you mean?
The-Stones weren't aboard the ship.
And the Stones?  Did you find them in the wreckage?
I managed to contact the Mondoshawan. They deplore the incident but accept our apologies.
I'm about to Mr. President.
Staedert?  What's going on?  Did you destroy it?
My philosophy Mr. President is shoot first ask questions later. I don't like uninvited guests.
Recommendations.
Wait or act.
Not yet Sir..The only thing we know is it just keeps getting bigger!
What you are saying is you don't know what this..thing..is.
There are no results from the chemical and molecular analysis as of yet all the calibers are overshot..we're hoping a thermo nucleatic imaging..
I have to address the Supreme Council in 10 minutes. Just the facts General.
Perfect Mr. President.
Is that better?
I can hear you Mr. President but I can't see you .
Staedert do you read me?
To fame.. salud..
Then let us toast to your fame!  Here Billy..
A weapon against evil.  Amazing!  I am going to be famous.
Only too well... here you must be parched..
Father.. it in the most extraordinary thing.. the greatest find in history..can you imagine the implications.
Lord forgive me.. they already know too much..
I'm not at the hotel!
Right away Sir. I'll send you a new one to the hotel.
Dispatch me another ZFX200 immediately. Someone stole mine.
Who gives a shit! I didn't come here to listen to music! Listen up instead of running off at the mouth! The batteries on my phone are almost gone.
Yes Mr. Zorg I hear you perfectly! So how was the concert?
How's that? Can you hear me better now?
...I can't wait to be among you.
The Stones will be here. I'll see to it personally!
Fine just fine!  I'll have the 4 pieces you asked for any time now.  But it wasn't easy. My costs have tripled.
How's our deal coming along?
Do you have the picture now Mr. Zorg?
Really? Maybe I can get you on my screen and see you at last!
...Not far now.
No... not at all.  Where are you?
Am I disturbing you?
And his 'egghead' son!  We'll give 'em a <u>rough</u> <u>reception</u> won't we?
I wouldn't worry.  So long as we have boats like the Tiger Shark - and people like you the Skipper Dave Kent Sir Ian and my father -
I don't know.
But if they <u>do</u>?
Maybe - just 'maybe' - when their ship doesn't return - they'll decide not to come here after all.
Which is the one - we have to worry about?
They're so remote - cold - beautiful the stars.  But now - I wonder -
I'd sooner swim!
However our ideas disagree as I've said before I'm <u>not</u> a coward!  And it happens you've got no choice:  Either <u>I</u> take you down there in the Lungfish or you don't get there -
- any more than being the son of Captain Neilsen does!
That's enough Holloway.  I've told you before wearing boards on your shoulders and parading with a stiff spine doesn't auto- matically endow you with back- bone - !
Then...this is a 'flying saucer?'
Unidentified Flying Objects.
You may not <u>win</u> them.  But without men like your father to 'degrade' himself by fighting to preserve them - or as much as we have of them - they'd have disappeared <u>long</u> ago!
Peace - the dignity of man - the destiny of the human spirit!  Show me a man who says you win <u>those</u> by fighting wars and <u>I'll</u> show you an idiot!
You mean <u>nothing</u> is worth fighting for?
Perhaps.  But the idea of willingly going to <u>school</u> to spend my <u>life</u> at a Paleozoic pastime that should have disappeared with the thunder-lizards - I'm referring to War - <u>that</u> strikes me as the <u>worst</u> cowardice of all - being spiritually yellow!
You're really a mixed-up oddball aren't you?
That may be.  But Dad stays where <u>he</u> is and I'm staying here!
We're <u>all</u> risking our lives!
Wearing a uniform doesn't bestow an automatic monopoly on courage <u>Commander</u>!  It just so happens I'm <u>not</u> a coward - physical or mental - and before I'd risk my father's life...
<u>You</u> said it.  But I won't argue -
You 'trade school boys' are all alike aren't you?  Anybody who doesn't happen to think like a little gold-braided puppet is ipso facto a coward!
Your father can be in Nome Alaska tomorrow.  We have two choices: Ask them to send him out in a 'copter' and take you off or the Shark can put back into Nome...
What did you mean:  I'm 'out?'
Dead?  Matter of fact he's much better. He's left the hospital.
My father!  He's not - ?
Your 'out.'  This came for you. 
What is it?
Not in two days.  Look:  Do you think I <u>wanted</u> to come?  If it didn't mean so much to Dad - proving his depth-explorer - it's the last thing I'd want!
You could train someone else.
And they thought <u>you</u> could re- place the Skipper?
It was moderate.  He'll be all right.  But it was out of the question his coming along.
How is he - ?
It was supposed to be.  Dad had a heart attack two days ago.
I should have suspectcd when I heard that 'Doctor.'  I thought it was your father.
What's goin' on in here Lad? What - ?
Oh it does???
Here - keep these.  It wants me to come alone.
I'm with <u>you!</u>
We'll have to look for them later.
Wonder where Powell and Carney are?
Somewhere down there?
Where do you think the voice you heard was coming from?
The sound again?
You hear that?
Let's get back to work and maybe we <u>will</u> be soon.
And if I didn't <u>know</u> better - I'd swear we were moving!
You know - it <u>is</u>?
Hey - you know somethin'?  It's getting lighter in here!
Strange you didn't hear it. OMIT 274F
I don't hear anything.  Maybe you've been down here too long.  Why don't you go back up and -
Listen!  Hear that?
Go back and tell Dr. Neilsen. Have him report to the Skipper.
I think you're right.
What's more important - there's our problem.  The bow ram - the sawteeth are holding the Shark in the break. If we can cut the ram the Shark can pull herself loose!
How about that! The bow drove half through her but she sealed herself right up.
Not <u>alone</u> you're not!
You all wait here.  I'm going inside take a look.
Reef and I can take the Explorer down clamp it around the eye and ---
You've got to let us try Skipper --
Skipper!  Look at the depth gauge!
We're stuck tight!
Sounds like it!  Distress call from a small freighter between Ellesmere Island and Greenland. One mayday then...nothing.
'His' side?  I've seen it all right. A nice bright yellow!
Have you ever talked to Carl - tried to see his side?
But <u>they're</u> not Skipper Neilsen's son!  It broke his heart.  Then when some newspapers called Carl 'the honest sincere son of a war-mongering father' - Captain Neilsen resigned from the Navy.  Oh he still keeps his hand in - playing around with projects like the 'Lungfish' - but it broke him all the same.
A lot of people think like that.
So all of a sudden his only son drops out of school be- gins making noises like a pacifist.  A real egghead do-gooder and crackpot!  'Ban the atom tests!  Junk the nuclear subs!  Spend the mili- tary budgetfor peace!'
One of the finest men and officers alive.  A real hero - in the best sense of the word - in World War Two.  He taught us Engineering and Design. Fought like a demon to develop atom subs.
I guess Skipper Neilsen re- tired before you enrolled at the Academy didn't he?
I might have a son like <u>that!</u>
You've asked why I stay a bachelor? There goes the best reason I know!
Disappointing a <u>big</u> girl!
What could be worse than disappoint- ing a little girl?
<u>That's</u> the worst possible moment?
At the worst possible moment. Tomorrow is Janie's birthday. Poor little kid has looked forward for two months to having her Daddy home.  Now -
So they caught up with you too?
Helen.  I appeal to you -
But Julie's a nice girl and I've seen you work.  She deserves a fighting chance!
Now Dave Old Buddy you know you're exaggerating -  What do you think of this husband of yours?  On most boats a certain loyalty exists between the Exec and his Navigation and Firing Officer.  But unfortunately in the case of Lieutenant Dave Milburn of the Tiger Shark and myself -
Sidearms?  But the saucer's dead.
With their underwater experience they'll be invaluable.  Take sidearms and flare pistols --
The frogmen?
You better take Powell and Carney with you --
Right at our one-eyed friend!
What course Skipper?
A mass of jelly-like stuff came out of the thing and caught our torpedo!
Speed...about twenty-two knots. Course...due north!
Course and speed?
I...don't know!
What about down?
Seems to be all around...
Is there any way out of it?
Right Skipper.
Get ready.  We shove off as soon as Griff reports all the crew aboard.
We're dead in the water.  But it indicates we're moving!
Why do you say that?
The inertial navigation system. Must have been knocked out in the crash.
Something wrong?
Skipper - could you take a look here...?
All internal repairs completed and Frogmen report exterior damage minor.
Excuse me Skipper---
What about time...?
It's possible I could adapt one of the torpedo guidance systems to the ICBM - so it would 'home' on the saucer when he rises from the Pole.
Anything ---
Excuse me Captain - there may be one last desperate chance - a one-in-a-thousand shot...
Radiation level...constantly rising...
Now they feel it...down below.
That's wonderful Carl!  Reef thinks they can clear the Shark bow so we can pull ourself loose!
We read you!  Go ahead Doctor!  They're inside the saucer.  It's filled with breathable air!
As ready as we <u>can</u> be!  I'll report to the Skipper.
There is.  I believe our friend...Cyclops... is returning to life!
There's got to be an explanation!
As we near the Pole...
What direction does the system indicate?
The radiation level - from the saucer - it's rising!
If we were lucky enough to catch him with his power depleted....
....in such a way as to prevent his returning to it and as you put it....  ...'recharging his batteries'?
The North Pole is the positive end of the biggest magnet of all - the Earth itself!
<u>We</u> harness energy on a small scale by cutting magnetic lines of force.  Maybe Cyclops does it on a <u>super</u> scale....
We took for granted his source of energy was nuclear.  But suppose it isn't at all - what if it's <u>magnetic</u>?
What if the Tiger Shark were to anticipate a bit?  Perhaps be lying there waiting - ?
Suppose our theorizing is correct? Then this <u>could</u> be the next danger point!
...above Murmansk and Finland.
High-intensity arcs will burn submerged.  And millions of volts...discharged in random directions...
Under <u>water</u>?
It doesn't seem possible but - could it be an electrical storm center - ?
Minus three.
What's the corrected bearing to the Magnetic Pole?
Nothing we can do now.
Straight to the Pole - at almost fifty knots!
If we could get inside the saucer - use our torches - maybe we could cut the Shark loose?
Suppose there's an atmosphere of some kind inside Cyclops?
And we're at safe maximum depth already....  Stop engines!
It's the screws Skipper.  At our declination angle running in reverse they're pulling the Shark <u>and</u> Cyclops right to the bottom.
A hundred and eighty fathoms! We can't be sinking that fast....
We can <u>ram</u> him!
But - what can we accomplish?
That's what I said!
Right <u>at</u> him?
Thirty-four seconds!
What's the running time?
Take a look.
You're sure it's Cyclops?
After torpedo room:  Report!
Determine extent of damage immediately.
I think I should have joined the Air Force!
What do you think?
It'll be all right.  We're old friends!
'Doctor' Neilsen?  When did <u>that</u> happen?
Dr. Neilsen.  He'll be - -
I'm - afraid I have some bad news for you Reef -  You'll have to share quarters this trip.
I met Dr. Kent once.
I did go.  Just back.  Reef these are a couple of our passengers - Sir Ian Hunt and Dr. Clifford Kent.  My exec Commander Richard Holloway.
Thought you were going to Washington Skipper.
<u>That</u> might be a <u>little</u> <u>rough</u>!
To navigate won't you have to... see your way?
Of course.  But it is time to be- gin the return voyage --
That's why no water leaked inside when we rammed you?
It is a living thing.  When damaged - you would say 'wounded' - it immediately 'heals' itself.
I have selected you to return with me - along with several other specimens for study.  We will examine you and the others discover desirable features to incorporate in our 'earth-colonizers.'
On the contrary.  I want you - unharmed - perfect.
Why not me?  What am I - the closing act?
I am afraid not.  Therefore -
Your friend was to remain where he was!
- for horrors like yourself?
My mission is to study various solar systems and planets - select the most suitable for colonization -
Tell me something:  Why can <u>I</u> hear you when the others couldn't?
Point of view is everything. To us <u>your</u> form of life is ugly as we appear to you.
That's a <u>face</u>???
Come where?
Remove your weapons Commander. And come here - alone!
All right - go to it.
Cyclops will have to linger at the Pole to recharge his power banks.
Toward the Pole!
Due north.  At five knots...no six!
But <u>answers</u> are what we need - not more questions!
We've asked ourselves that - over and over - a thousand times.
Or perhaps until he gets us?
You plotted the course of Cyclops?  Then that's <u>our</u> course!  Wherever <u>he</u> goes <u>we</u> go.....until we get him!
Our 'Cyclops' throws quite a thunderbolt itself!
Just musing about our 'one-eyed adversary' and the legend of Homer.  'Cyclopes' were the Sons of Heaven who forged the thunder- bolts thrown by Zeus.
I'll be another!
Well I'll be - !
The pattern.  Each incident occurred almost precisely a thousand statute miles from the Pole.  A line through the points of occurrence makes almost a complete circle...
My yeoman will show you to your quarters.
Commissioner Aquarius.
Kruger Sagittarius.
I was asking McCrosky Commissioner.
Some southern plantation owner falls in love with this poor...
What's the story?
I was reading too.
Forget it.  I was reading.
You've made your point Commissioner. There's only one other pilot who can handle that shuttle and that's Clarence Oveur.  He's got a lunar flight today.  I want him pulled.  Jacobs pull Oveur!
I told you leave the boys in Washington to the boys downtown and the boys down...
I wonder how your boys in Washington are going to take this one.
That just doesn't make any sense.
That's right Commissioner.  Senselessly murdered just minutes ago.
I just wish it was that simple.
Commissioner.
You handle your front office people I'll handle the press and leave the boys in Washington to the boys downtown and the boys downtown to the boys on the board.
Bud get wise to the political realities. The boys on the board are under a lot of pressure from the boys downtown.
And what do the boys on the board know about safety Commissioner?  Let <u>me</u> talk to them.
Forget it.  The boys on the board want that shuttle to go on schedule.
Commissioner we both know the Mercury shuttle needs another month of pre-launch testing.
Um...  Do you people scream right when you... you know.
What is it Mary?
Yes it did.  Mr. Dunn can I ask you a personal question?
Felt like a large asteroid.
Yes I did...
Did you feel that?
You better take this.
You better check on it Mr. Dunn.  I'll stay here and fly the ship.
Sir I've got an overload in disposal unit four.
You better check it Unger.
We seem to have a malfunction in disposal unit four sir.
Accelerators down.
Shut down accelerators.
Kramer the WORP control handle just came off in my hand.
Ted the lever!
We've blown the computer!  Elaine!  Set course change!
I guess you'd have to be a fool not to be afraid at a time like this.
Not when I'm with you Ted.
Are you afraid?
The sun will heat that thing to over 450 degrees within seconds.  He'll roast like a pig on a spit.
What will happen to him Ted?
That's right -- premature ejection.
You mean...
Sit down Elaine.  If this bomb trick works we just might make it.  Simon was a fool to eject now.
Simon just ejected!
That might be the news we've been waiting for.
I just want you to know I love you Ted and always will.
Well Elaine this might be it if those guys on the ground don't think of something.
That was very well put Ted.
Kurtz was the one who got us into this mess in the first place.  You people knew this ship wasn't ready to fly.  You played God with over a hundred lives Kruger and for what -- the prestige of your precious space program.
I mean until we start to burn up.
Not now Elaine.
Ted we've only got ten minutes.
Ted please be careful.
Elaine I'm going back there.  Just hold onto that stick and try to control this hunk of tin as best you can.
Ted there's no time to explain.
Elaine what's going on?
Ted a toilet's not going to kill anyone.
There's something dangerously wrong with this ship Elaine.  I know its the wiring. That toilet's just the tip of the iceberg.
I'd use the word insane.
What would you say if I told you the toilet just blew up in my face.
The word is sick.  Ted -- very very very sick.
What word would you use Elaine?
I've never used the word insane Ted.
Then you <u>do</u> think I'm insane.
Ted get a grip on yourself.  You should never have left the hospital.
Elaine I mean the mission has to be aborted.  This ship should never have passed FSA inspection.  This thing is held together by string and chewing gum.
We can't go back.  We had something very special but it's all over.
Elaine we have to go back.
Ted.  I don't know why you got on this flight.  I don't know what you're trying to prove.
Not now Elaine!
I've got it Elaine!  I've figured out what's wrong with the shuttle!
What are you doing Ted?
Let me by Elaine.
Ted we're taking off!
I have to get in there.  I have to stop this flight.
Ted!  What are you...?
Goodbye Ted.  I don't want to hurt you.
That's the way I want it.  Just turn the radio on and go.
If that's the way you want it.
No goodbyes Elaine.  Just go.
Ted you must remember what the doctor said the first step on the road to sanity is admitting that you're sick.  Now take your electro-shock and you'll be back at the space center in no time.  And by the way Ted I'm leaving you for Simon.
His name's David Stockman.  He's been here twenty years that's all he says.
And when are you going to realize Ted that your mental hygiene is the most important thing right now.
Elaine when are you going to realize Simon Kurtz put me in here to get me out of the way.
Sammy Davis Junior.  Terrible car accident.  He hasn't been the same since.
Who's that Ted?
Eat this spaghetti Ted.  It'll make you feel a lot better.
Ted I loved you and I'll always love you. But I need Simon.  He's stable.  He's a good provider.  I want that at this stage of the game Ted.  He might have his faults but Simon doesn't know the meaning of the word fear and I need that in a man.
Elaine what happened to us?
Ted please.  You're just making things difficult for yourself.
You're as bad as the rest of them Elaine!  It's all here in the design specifications!  Look!  It's all here!
Let's relax tonight just the two of us. I'll make a quiet Italian dinner just the way you like it with spaghetti.
There's nothing wrong with me!
Ted you're overworked.  You've been flying yourself into the ground.
Ted what's wrong?
I mean the Mercury flight.  It's not safe and Kurtz you know why.
But Ted the invitations have already gone out.
It's got to be stopped!
That's not important now Elaine.  We have to talk.
Yes -- last week that pile of mud was only this high.
Is he making any progress Doctor?
The brain is an amazingly complex organ Elaine.
Is that a good sign Doctor?
You can be gentle with him Elaine.  He's been working out a lot of his aggressions here in the garden.
I mean for Ted.
You can eat balanced meals exercise and take Geritol.
What can <u>I</u> do Doctor Rumack?
So you see our task isn't made any easier by Ted's refusal to admit that he's sick.
The human brain is a highly complex organ Elaine perhaps the most complex next to the bladder.  Let me show you.  Ted's problem is in this area.  This area this area here here here under here here...
Ted seemed to get worse after I told him about Simon Doctor.
Simon what are you saying?!
Simon I didn't want it to end like this. We can be friends!  You'll die out there.
Your career!  What about the lives of those people out there.  Simon what happened to the man I thought I loved?
My career is shot.
We're computer locked and the manual navigation unit is down.
Can't we change course?
He tried to disconnect ROK.  It gassed him.  That computer is running this ship and we're heading right for the sun.
Simon what's happening?!
Simon I'm going to check ROK's secondary readout unit.
That's my girl.
I think so.
Have you got it straightened out now?
Don't be too long.
Meet me onboard sweetheart.  I have to pick up a few things at the drugstore.
So mentally ill?
Simon why has he become so... so...
Elaine!  Ted's a danger to himself he's a threat to this mission and his behavior does absolutely nothing to promote peace in the Middle East.
No I've been excited before.
I guess this is a first for you.
I'm so excited Simon.
Frank's the best pilot in the program.
You're heading up the division in charge of babies for Mr. and Mrs. Simon Kurtz.
But darling they've offered me a chance to head up the computer analysis division for the Jupiter probe.
Women <u>and</u> the space program have come a long way sweetheart.  But after the wedding no more complicated computers for my little girl.
And I can hardly believe that I'm engaged to someone like you Simon.  I'm a very lucky woman.
Who would believe that Elaine Thompson was once a stewardess on the Denver-Chicago run.
For the best little computer officer on the Mercury mission.
Roger.  You better get back there and monitor the regulatory unit.
No I mean you can do it from the cockpit.
I'd rather sit down for this one Elaine.
You can do it from up here Captain.
We have to disconnect ROK's higher brain functions without disturbing his regulatory system.
I see.  What do you think our alternatives are?
I don't think we have any alternative Captain.
Elaine ask ROK for a field interference scan.  Those sun spots might give us a problem with our communications.
There's nothing wrong with me Elaine. What about tonight -- just you and me.  We can be alone.  I can get rid of everyone else on the ship -- I've already proven <u>that</u>.
Request; self-analysis of ROK hardware and software systems regarding behavioral changes.
Life support check.  Elaine it's obvious you've been ignoring me.  You're a woman. I can relate to that.
Request; life support systems check.
Systems check positive.  Look Elaine I...
Request; comprehensive electrical systems check.
You have great tits.
Can I say something of a personal nature to you?
That's okay ROK.
Elaine I'm sorry about that little outburst a moment ago.
Cut the Doubting Thomas shit Elaine.  I know where I'm coming from on this.
That's not possible.
That doesn't make sense.  Repeat analysis.
Look a man can make an honest mistake!! Anyway she was asking for it!  They're all asking for it all the time!!
No more kids yelling 'Your old man's a thieving rapist'?
How many kids get a chance to live on another planet.
It's going to be terrific.  A whole new world new kids to play with.
Do you think things will be a lot different on Mercury Dad?
I bet Scraps is going to love Mercury.
I sure an glad they let Scraps ride up here with us.
We'll have to check Jimmy.  It's a pretty long trip to Mercury.
Will Scraps be able to sit with us Dad?
Do you like it when Scraps sleeps on his back Jimmy?
He's a boy dog.
Can I hold him?
Come on up Jimmy.  Say that's some puppy.  What's his name?
All right.  Here.
Okay Joey.  The Doc says you gotta relax. This hospital in Des Moines is the best sex clinic in the country.
I don't want to hear that word!
Joey what's more important the kids' clothes or your sexual potency.
We've spent everything on these operations.  Is it really worth it?  We've pawned your mother's wedding ring.  The kids have no winter clothes...
Take this Joey.  It's my last few bucks. You'll need a hot meal when you get there.
You're sure?
That's right Joe.  Now no one's going to hurt you and no one has to know what's wrong with you.
Joe the insurance policy won't help your wife and kids.  You bought auto insurance not life insurance.
I don't want to live anymore.
Joe you don't want to blow that thing and kill all these innocent people.
Have you tried it with a little cinnamon?
Captain the coffee machine is jammed and I don't like it.
Poached!  Not over!  Over!
All right Captain Oveur.  Over.
That's how I want them.  Poached.  Over.
Just poached on toast.  Over.
Poached <u>and</u> over Captain Oveur?  Over.
No.  Poached.  Over.
How would you like your eggs Captain? Over.
A couple eggs and juice would be nice Mary.  Over.
Anything.  Just don't let Salucci think we're onto him.
What should I say?
No a bomb.  Now as discreetly as possible I want you to move the passengers into the lounge.
He's carrying a bomb.
Sixteen 'C' why?
Which passenger is Joe Salucci?
Yes sir commander.  This is Mercury One.  Everything seems A- okay up here and ready for count-down.
Whenever your're ready Captain.
Captain Oveur your navigator Mr. Unger and your first officer Mr. Dunn.
Good to be aboard gentlemen.
Do you think it's necessary to explain <u>everything</u>?
That's how dry cleaning works.  Now I'd like to quickly go over the digestive system of amphibians.
We don't have much time.  Let's move. I'll explain everything.
Mr. Kurtz I presume.
Captain Oveur?
Now he's D-Y-I-N-Ging and wants to be buried on Mercury.
Ah yes the Institute I'm familiar with it.
Let's go Daddy.  We have to check in.  He was never appreciated at the Institute.
It's a privilege to meet you sir I'm familiar with all your work.
Say isn't that Dr. Barrington the world- renowned agronomist?
Thanks but we have a terrific woman in on Thursdays.
You folks need any help?
But that's not a door.  The door's over there.
Don't try to stop me!
You can't go in there!
Death death.  How about the first Thursday in March ten o'clock.
All right it's a matter of death.
You'll have to be more specific than that sir.
No dammit.  It's a matter of life or death.
Do you have an appointment sir?
I have to see Bud Kruger.
Pull yourself together!  We've got to...
Don't talk to me about Elaine.  Outta my way!
Then Elaine was right.
That damn computer has taken over.  I'm getting out.
Kurtz you're drunk.  Who's in command of this ship?
I know you've been subtly spreading the word that I'm having a breakdown.
You're tired Striker overworked.  That wiring meets all the safety specifications.
Look at this wiring.  It's shorting out under high temperatures.
You're seeing bugs where they don't exist Striker.
That's right Striker.  And we're getting married when we return.
Are you on the Mercury mission?
Well we laughed.  We laughed all the time.
No.  It's hard to L-A-U-G-H when your father's dying.
I just wish it was that simple.  We really were in love.  You know how it is when you laugh all the time.
Then the relationship remains the same and the love changes only when there's change in the two people who share that love.
Sure.  But that's only when the love itself goes unchanged.
Not if the people change together in relation to that love.
People change in relation to each other. Love changes on its own.
Love's the same as it always was.  It's people who change.
We were in love but I'm not sure I know what love is anymore.
No.  I mean your relationship.
I opened this panel and a vacuum cleaner hit me.
Do you want to talk about it.
No I mean your head.  Sit down.  I'll take a look at it.  I'm a nurse.
I'm getting over it.  If a relationship isn't working you can't force it.
You've been hurt.
You don't have to excuse yourself.  I'm a nurse.  I understand.
I'm familiar with your work Doctor. You'll have to excuse me I have to go.
Yes.  He's dying <u>a-n-d</u> wants to be buried on Mercury.
Not Dr. Barrington the world renowned agronomist?
You don't have to thank me I'm a nurse. This is my father Dr. Barrington.
Uh... oh thank you.  It's nothing.
Excuse me are you alright?  I noticed you talking to yourself.  I'm a nurse.  Can I be of some help?
Your voice is saying no but your body is saying yes.
I like my horizons narrow.
I think you're just a little scared now about what you might find once the lights go out.  A little scared... and a lot curious.  Maybe more than you want to admit.  But doesn't that turn you on that curiosity and fear swirling together?  Think of it as broadening your horizons.
There's lots of things I haven't done but his ain't high on the list.  Don't take it personally.
A virgin.  I find that very arousing...
Not unless I got real drunk and nobody told me about it later.
I know... Why don't you hang around for a while let me entertain you? It's Matt right?  Now tell me the truth have you ever... made it... with one of us?
Todd?  Todd doesn't know either.
The girl out front mentioned Strader's assistant somebody named Watson.  Maybe he knows.
Look I don't know where Mr. Strader might be.  He comes and he goes.
You've got me all wrong.  I don't charge money for something that I myself find pleasurable...
Does that cost extra or you throw them in?
Oooh.  Hardball.  That sounds interesting.  Are you going to strike me?  You could tie me up and then do whatever you want with me... I've got my own ropes.
She did did she?  Well she was wrong.  Excuse me I have to change.
The young woman at the front said you might know where he is.
He's not here.  Why ask me?
Ss'ai k'ss?  Perfect.
We are with the Police Department. This is Sergeant Sykes and I am--
That's right.
You are Cassandra?
I may be an asshole but at least I'm a real detective not some outer shit space thing.
Lay off asshole.
Well if it isn't Detective Jetson. Forget you hip waders big guy?
I'd like to see you next to a sea of hydrochloric acid Fedorchuk... see how much surfin' you'd do.
Look at your dildo partner.  He's too scared to even come down to the sand.  You're not gonna get wet standing here moron!
You ever try to make a case in Slagtown?  The list of Newcomer informants is about as long as the list of Mexican war heroes...
You don't have squat.
Jesus Sykes -- it's been less than ten hours.  Me and Alterez are on it okay?
So what've you got on Tuggle's killers?
No Sergeant -- not history...  Eternity...
Move a finger Harcourt and you're history...
That's right.  He and I along with seven or eight others.  Listen gentlemen I will be happy to assist you in any way I can -- unfortunately at the moment I'm overdue at another function.
You were partners with him on some Slag -- uh Newcomer real estate thing.
Yes I heard about poor Warren. Tragic.
Sergeant... Detective.  I wasn't aware there were any Newcomers at the rank of Detective yet.
I'm Sergeant Sykes and this is Detective Jetson Los Angeles Police Department.
William Harcourt?
Kill them both.
This is getting out of hand.  I want you to deal with it.  Immediately.
When we picked him up he was talking to those two cops -- the two who came to question you about Hubley.
It is his new partner that I'm worried about.
He didn't recognize me.
This is becoming a serious breach of security.
That cop the human he was the one who killed Anderson and the driver.
You look very good.
How do I look?
You understand that.  But how many others will?
But there's no more drug.
Because... because of what will happen if humans see what we are capable of becoming.
Why the hell are you so dead set against back-up?
We can't let him get away.
I never thought I'd say this but -- for once in my life I think I'm willing to wait for back-up.
Tell me about it...
No he's not.  Not if he overdosed on the drug.  Massive amounts trigger a... a change.  Your body functions seize up you appear to be dead but it's really a state of incubation.  When you emerge you're...
Harcourt is dead.
... It's Harcourt.
What is this?!
Do what?!  George-- ?!
No!  We must do this alone.
There!  Go back.  Down that side street.
What's this about George?  I know that look.
It'd be for your own good.  I think you'd be better off with a partner who's a little more... by the book.  ... Still I gotta tell you George for a quiet guy you're sure hell on wheels once you get going.  I'd kinda hate to miss your next two days as a detective.
With Harcourt and Kipling dead I assume you will be requesting reassignment now.
Fuck procedure.
Why?  What's the big goddamn deal?
The fifty kilos Matthew.  I have to find it.  I can't let it get out on the street.
George c'mon -- lighten up.  It's a beauty of a case.  Don't sweat it -- we got him by the short hairs. He ain't gonna make any more of the shit.
Stay out of this Matthew.  Tell me where the drug has been taken or I will crush your lungs against this wall.
George uh... you're gonna break his little chest bones...
Where is the drug?  Where have they taken it?
Uh George...
No George -- you're missing the point.  The drug is evidence.  We need to have the evidence ya know?
If the drug is here we must destroy it.
Okay George -- we gotta play this real smart.
Harcourt was the brain who brought it all together.
They had months in quarantine to develop the plan.  Porter with his chemistry background must have somehow come up with the formula for the drug.  Hubley manufactured it -- at the refinery.  Strader through the nightclub established a distribution network.  And Harcourt--
I must trust you Matthew.  I cannot stop this without you.
George... look me in the eye... George you don't ever lie to me again.
Your people don't know about this part of out past.  And they can't know -- It would threaten our entire existence here.
Jesus this is major.  Why didn't you tell me sooner? Why'd you hold out on me?
No... I am sure not.  That is why I am so concerned... someone must now be producing it here.  But none of my people know how to make it.  The process was carefully guarded.
Where did he get it?  Was there any of it on the ship?
We all did.
We?  You've taken it?
How potent?
... It is called ss'jabroka'.  To us it is a potent narcotic.
The hell it isn't when somebody wires up enough C-4 explosive to my car to turn me into pink mist!  That Slag was on something and not sour milk either?  Am I right?  TELL ME!  What is it?
No.  I cannot involve you.  This is not your concern.
No secrets goddammit!  You don't hold back from me.  Whatever is going on you're gonna tell me now!
You must leave me alone on this.
What's this nothing shit?  It wasn't nothing yesterday when you asked Bentner to run that test and he looked like he was about to shit peach pits and it's not nothing now.  Don't lie to me George you're bad at it.
... and Porter ran a piece of shit mom-and-pop mini-mart.  So what the hell's the connection?
Warren Hubley was in middle management at a refinery... Joshua Strader operated a successful bar and nightclub...
... So we've got three guys dead. All Newcomers all killed the same way -- execution style.
What was that about?
It's all right George.  It's cool. Just wait here all right?  I'll be back in a coupla minutes.
Stop the car!
Come on you won't have to get near the water.
Please I must get out here.
Stop the car.
Come on let's go dude.  Surf's up!
To the... to the beach?
Well let's roll George.
She's very progressive.  I'm certain she's considering it.
George she's not gonna divorce you. You mate for life remember?
She's going to divorce me.
A man a human was wiring it to your car.  I didn't get a good look at him.  I must call my wife...
Where'd you get this?!!
Yeah go home.  Get some sleep.  You do sleep don't you?
I'm going home.
Don't count on me George.  I never had any ideals.
I hope you can understand how special your world is... how unique a people you humans are.  So it us all the more painful and confusing to us that so few of you seem capable of living up the the ideals you set for yourselves.
You humans are very curious to us. You invite us to live among you in an atmosphere of equality we've never known before.  You lay before us a beautiful green world full of freedoms and opportunities... You give us ownership of our lives for the first time... and you ask no more of us than you do of yourselves: to live by the rules... rules that aren't made to keep one people subordinate to another but rules that exist to preserve equality.  You aspire to very high ideals here.
No shit Holmes.  You're only from another goddamn planet for chrissakes.
There is so much our two peoples don't understand about each other.
Ta ss'trakyona'...
Your health...
Sticking out of his ass... yeah! See that's what makes it a joke. There's like a surprise and your mind fills in the funny picture. Here's this guy with a pen stuck in his ass and he thinks it's a thermometer.  Nada huh?
In the other man's rectum.
Maybe not... I don't know.  I'm not sure I'm gonna go.  She doesn't need her burn-out of a father there...
Human children can be very beautiful.  Getting married?  Congratulations. You will be taking Sunday off then...
I appreciate your honesty George.
Your home is quite disordered.  I thought perhaps you had been burglarized when I walked in.
It's like having an eleventh finger removed.  It hurts like hell but you never really needed the damn thing in the first place.
We mate for life.  Divorce... is a strange concept to us.
Was.  Divorced.
You are married?
Yeah... I know the routine.
My wife?  She worries about me.
So she keeps you on a pretty short leash does she?
Through his ass.  Next time you see him tell him to call me... unless you want us to keep coming back on you like a bad case of herpes.
I believe he is probably lying.
When will Strader return?
We were chasing you because you ran you dumb son-of-a-bitch.
Todd Watson.  The assistant manager.
Yeah that's it.  Say it slow.
Ss'trokya ss'lato 'na'.
And what was that one about my mother?  That was a good one.
So what was that other word for Human... Slow ka?
Our bodies do not assimilate the nutrients if the food has been cooked.
I'll bet.  Would it really put you out if they tossed that on the grill for a minute or two?
This is mole.  It's good.
Which one is that?  Raw what?
Three months.  We learn quickly.  We adapt.  It is our strength... what we were bred for to adapt to hostile environments.
I don't think I could ever learn to read that shit.  How long did it take you to learn English?
Yeah sure.  I knew that...
If I may make a suggestion... We have different weak spots than you do.  Next time a blow to the nerve plexus under the arm here will produce the effect I think you were looking for.
In the camps we were lodged four to a room.  The selection process was entirely random.  We did not get to stay with our friends... or families...
How could a straight-arrow like you ever pick a roommate like him?
From quarantine when my people first arrived here.  He and I were housed together.
You know that guy?
Stay back!  I'm okay.
Matthew you don't have to-- .
That's very colorful.  But see -- now I've got a problem.  I don't seem to be getting much cooperation from you Porter.  So I guess we're gonna have to take this little session down to my office ya know?
Your mother mates out of season.
Screw me?  That can't be right.
I'll handle it.
Back off George.
Uh Matthew...
Your name wouldn't happen to be Porter would it?
At the end of the bar.
Who said that?
My partner is dead!  Because one of you bastards killed him -- then disappeared into a rathole down in Slagtown where he's home and dry 'cause nobody sees nothing nobody says nothing...
Agree to work with me?  You don't like me... you don't like any of us. You have nothing but contempt for us.  And yet you become an outcast from your club of detectives by making me your partner...
Why'd I do what?
Why did you do it?
We'd like to ask you about a business associate of your Warren Hubley.
Rudyard Kipling?  No shit?  Listen we just need a minute of your time...
He has not been home since that day. But she told me where to find him.
Did you talk to him?
She didn't know him.  But she said her son might.
Aw-right.  What about the other guy?
A week ago two men came to see her husband.  After they left he was very frightened.  She identified one of the men from a photo I showed her.  It was Hubley.
Did you learn anything?
Mrs. Porter is not taking her husband's death well.
Why the hell--?!  Great fine.  You talk to the wife.
I believe I should interview the widow alone.
A large number of my people were hired by refineries because the methane fumes are not harmful to us. My spouse's brother is one.
How the hell do you know that?
Newcomers working near methane gasses at oil refineries must paint it on their boots to protect against sparks.
And still it fits?
Well... Yeah it's rubber.  It stretches.
And that fits?
Get the picture?
A rubber.  A condom.  You know... Coney Island whitefish?  Men human men put them on their uh -- penises -- to protect against having babies.  You need this for anything?
What is this?
Shouldn't we examine their personal effects?
What's this?  What's going on?
Great.  Well I'm sure glad that's settled aren't you?
Yes... no it is not unreasonable. Although I--
Possibly.  Good.  Well would you be willing to accept the theory George that... possibly... by examining the evidence from one case we might shed some small ray of light on the other?  Does that sound unreasonable to you?
Well... yes quite possibly.
Nothing's wrong.  I just want to get something straight.  You agree that there's a good chance these two shootings are somehow related right?
What is wrong?
Well there's a thing about partners about being somebody's partner.  You do for each other. And other people's rules don't mean shit.  It's the rules set up between the two of you that's all that counts.  Understand?  Okay.  Well my friend and partner was shot last night and I'm after the shitbag that did it.  As my partner I'm asking you to respect me and help me find him.
Look you want to fit in here right?  You want to learn how to get along?
The murder at the mini-mart is not our case.  The Captain said--
The guys at the mini-mart last night made a half-assed stab at the money in the till -- but I don't think that's what they were there for.  I think we got us a couple'a executions on our hands George...
There was no wallet... but he was still wearing a watch and two rings.
Terrific.  A real pillar of the community.  Was Hubley missing anything when they found him?  Was he ripped off?
Nice signal dickwad!
Through the chest.  Rupturing both the primary and secondary hearts.
With two BRI Sabot slugs in the chest.
His body was discovered three days ago in an alley off of Central Avenue near downtown.
Let's talk Hubley.
Anyway what's it matter to you if we think it's funny right?  Whatta you care?
Gesundheit.  You don't mind if I stick to George do you?
My true name is Ss'tangya T'ssorentsa'.
Man somebody really hung one on you!  I've heard some good ones for you guys... Humphrey Bogart Harley Davidson.  I guess the people at immigration got a little punchy after a while coming up with names for a quarter of a million of you. You weren't at the back of the line were you George?
I am George.
What's that?  Look Jetson.  Get this straight in your head.  We're not pals we're not married and we ain't gonna take long moonlight walks together... We're just partners.  And don't call me Sergeant.  Call me Sykes... or Matt if you have to.
Sergeant... I'd like to thank you for what you're doing.
... and we work my hours.  I'll do the driving you do the paperwork. You gotta learn it so you might as well do it all.
Yeah the shells are too big for six in an cylinder.  Hell Matt you don't need but one.
Only holds five.
Casull .454 Magnum.  You're talking twice the impact energy of .44 Magnum hot loads.
What is it?
You said you wanted the biggest thing I could find... Well this is it.
... They took the stuff out all of it -- this afternoon.
Don't piss him off O'Neal.  When he gets like this I can't control him. I've seen this before.  He got like this once -- I saw him jerk a guy's spine out and show it to him. Nothing I could do.  I hadda go throw up.
Yes it is.  Thirty-five percent pure Methane gas in there.  I don't know how these fellas do it.
That where Anderson worked?
I think you're gonna find he's taken the rest of his life off.
Wait.  You know who it looks like? Yeah.  Anderson.  Uh... James Anderson.  He isn't in today.  He took the afternoon off.
Who else can I ask around here?
To be honest it's hard to say.  I hate to admit it but -- they all still kinda look alike to me.
We think he could'a been involved yeah.  You know him?
You think this is the guy who did it?
Well one of the men didn't like him so much...
Mr. Hubley was an all right guy -- and a damn good manager.  The men liked him.  I'm really gonna have to scramble to fill his shoes.
Sure.  Just a minute.
Can you dig up their Quarantine records in this thing?
I'm sorry Matt.  Nothing here seems to be matching up...
Yeah -- we met him.  Wonderful boy... close personal friend of George's here.
Released December one.  He and his wife moved first to Modesto then Coalinga California -- wherever that is -- settled in L.A. in April.  Field of expertise: organic chemical engineering.  He and his wife have one child a son.
For you anything.
Try Joshua Strader will ya darlin'?
Here's Hubley.  Left Quarantine on November thirtieth relocated first to Riverside then moved to Los Angeles early in February the following year.  Field of expertise: chemical manufacturing.  Looks like he passed up several other better paying jobs waiting for that one at the refinery.
That's all I know.  You want anything more you ask somebody else.
Yeah I heard of it.
Yeah... I seen him around.  High- roller dude named Strader.  Joshua Strader.  Runs a club on the west side.  Encounters.
One of the two men was Hubley right?  What about the other one? Did you know him?
What's that?
Ss'kya'ta'.
Jesus are the questions too tough for you already?  Let's try again--  Is your name Porter?
Did he find anything?
Looking for some foreign compound in the blood of that alien you dropped the other day.
What kind of test?
You mean the Blob?  They're finishing up now.
You guys finished the postmortem on Strader yet?
Yeah I'll bet.
Oh here's an extra headshot if you need one.  We're just about to start cutting in.  You're welcome to stick around if you want.  It's really fascinating stuff.
That's the way these people are. You don't hit both pumps you just piss them off.
Lucky nothing.  I had to empty my damn gun into him.
Lucky for you you got him in both of his... well what we loosely refer to as... hearts.
You took this gut out too didn't you?
Fedorchuk couldn't find his ass with his hands in his back pockets.
No I.D. on him and -- well you know no fingerprints -- so it could be tough.  Your buddies this morning went through the mug book but couldn't make a facial match.
Yeah... he was one Martin Helder. White male twenty-seven.  Let's see... wrap sheet shows one armed robbery conviction a couple for sale of a controlled substance. Oh yeah and he was wired on coke when you stopped his clock.
Yeah right.  Don't push your luck. Anyway according to the sheet the guy you nailed outside by the car--
Come on.  You got nothin' better to do cushy county job like yours.
You know I've been over all this with Fedorchuk and Alterez this morning...
Don't tell me what to think.
Granger and Pitts have one hell of a caseload... and I would have thought with Jetson here being the first Newcomer plainclothes and Hubley's body being found over in the Newcomer community...
Granger and Pitts are already on it.
Departmental policy.
You are to have nothing to do with the investigation into Bill Tuggle's death.  You know that.  Leave that for Fedorchuk.
Captain.  I'd like to volunteer for duty with the new detective.
Yeah Sykes?
I'll cover you!  Get outta there!!
I can't!  Do you mind!
Get outta there!
I got him.  Don't get pinned.
Watch the driver.  I'm going for a better angle on the door.
Yeah that's comforting.  Mine too.
Of course.  Right in the trunk of the car.
You got your vest?
Whatever gave you that idea?
Does that look at all suspicious to you?
Shit if Kristin had to get married where I could afford it we'd be holding the reception at Buddy's Burgers.
But you're bummed because your ex and her new husband are paying for the whole thing.
Goddammit Tug -- I want to see Kristin get married okay?  But--
Hey look -- we've known Kristin since... since she was conceived in that cabin up in Big Bear. Remember?  You and Edie banged the wall so hard me and Carol were picking plaster out of our hair for a week...
Put on your wash-and-wear suit and your clip-on tie have your landlady tie your shoes for you and show up at the church.  Simple.  Me and Carol are going.
How can I go?
Hope their plumbing's the same.
Uh seems to be in front and behind.
Talk to me Hudson.
Can't lock up...
Rescue mission.  There's some juicy colonists' daughters we gotta rescue from virginity.
Hey 'Top.'  What's the op?
Let's go...let's go.  Cycle through!
Whoooah!  No shit?  I'm impressed.
Would you Sir?
Christ.  I never saw such a buncha old women.  You want me to fetch your slippers Hudson?
This floor's freezing.
Say again?  All after incinerators?
Uh...Apone I want you to lay down a suppressing fire with the incinerators and fall back by squads to the APC over.
Let's go.  Pull 'em out.
Flame-units only.  I want rifles slung.
Vasquez take point.  Let's move.
First squad up on line.  Hicks get yours in a cordon.  Watch the rear.
Ten seconds people.  Look sharp!
Set down sixty meters this side of the telemetry mast.  Immediate dust off on my 'clear' then stay on station.
Awright!  I want a nice clean dispersal this time.
Okay let's do it.
Awright.  Fire-team A.  Gear up. Let's move.  Two minutes. Somebody wake up Hicks.
...that's better.  Pan it around a bit.
Well thanks I --
You did okay Bishop.
In seventeen minutes this place will be a cloud of vapor the size of Nebraska.
She's alive.  They brought her here and you know it.
WE'RE NOT LEAVING!
PLENTY!  TWENTY-SIX MINUTES!
HOW MUCH TIME?
See you soon.
It's going to be closer.  You better get going.
All right.  Let's get on it.  What'll you need?
I'm really the only one qualified to remote-pilot the ship anyway. Believe me I'd prefer not to.  I may be synthetic but I'm not stupid.
I'm afraid so.  The crash did too much damage.  The overload is inevitable at this point.
And it's too late to shut it down?
I'm projecting total systems failure in a little under four hours.  The blast radius will be about thirty kilometers.  About equal to ten megatons.
How long until it blows?
That's it.  See it?  Emergency venting.
Hard to say.  It may have been blind instinct...attraction to the heat of whatever...but she did choose to incubate her eggs in the one spot where we couldn't destroy her without destroying ourselves.  That's if she exists of course.
Could it be intelligent?
Well the queen is always physically larger then the others.  A termite queen's abdomen is so bloated with eggs that it can't move at all.  It is fed and tended by drone workers defended by the warriors.  She is the center of their lives quite literally the  mother of their society.
You're saying one of those things lays all the eggs?
That is the question of the hour.  We could assume a parallel to certain insect forms who have hivelike organization. An ant of termite colony for example is ruled by a single female a queen which is the source of new eggs.
But these things come from eggs...so where are all the eggs coming from.
Yes.  That follows.
Which would mean lots of those parasites right?  One for each person...over a hundred at least.
Now let me get this straight. The aliens paralyzed the colonists carried them over there cocooned them to be hosts for more of those...
I've isolated a neuro-muscular toxin responsible for the paralysis.  It seems to be metabolizing.  He should wake up soon.
Sorry to disappoint you.
I expected more of you Ripley. I thought you would be smarter than this.
Look maybe the thing didn't even exist right?  And if I'd made it a major security situation the Administration would've stepped in.  Then no exclusive rights nothing.
You sent them out there and you didn't even warn them Burke. Why didn't you warn them?
You sent them to that ship.  I just checked the colony log... directive dates six-twelve-seventy-nine. Signed Burke Carter J.
Now wait a second --
But they will know about it Burke. From me.  Just like they'll know how you were responsible for the deaths of one hundred and fifty-seven colonists here --
You've been doing your homework. Look they can't impound it if they don't know about it.
You just try getting a dangerous organism past ICC quarantine. Section 22350 of the Commerce Code.
Those specimens are worth millions to the bio-weapons division.  Now if you're smart we can both come out of this heroes.  Set up for life.
This operation is under military jurisdiction and Hicks is next in chain of command.  Right?
Corporal Hicks!?
What rank?  I believe Corporal Hicks has authority here.
Don't make me pull rank Ripley.
You son of a bitch.
This is clearly an important species we're dealing with here. We can't just arbitrarily exterminate them --
They can bill me.  I got a tab running.  What's second?
Well I mean...I know this is an emotional moment but let's not make snap judgments.  Let's move cautiously.  First this physical installation had a substantial dollar value attached to it --
Now hold on a second.  I'm not authorizing that action.
No good.  How do we know it'll effect their biochemistry?  I say we take off and nuke the entire site from orbit.  It's the only way to be sure.
She's right.
That's not what I mean.  Gorman if your men have to use their weapons in there they'll rupture the cooling system.
Yeah?  Maybe the organisms like the heat that's why they built...
They're right under the primary heat exchangers.
Uh-hunh.  One of thirty or so all over the planet.  They're completely automated.  We manufacture them by the way.
That the atmosphere processor?
I suggest you study the disks Ripley has been kind enough to prepare for you.
I hope you're right.  I really do.
Well it didn't occur to me.  It's been policy for years to have a synthetic on board.
You never said anything about an android being here!  Why not?
That's the plan.  My word on it.
Burke just tell me one thing. That you're going out there to kill them.  Not study.  Not bring back.  Just burn them out...clean ...forever.
Yello?  Oh Ripley.  Hi...
No!  The answer is no.  Now please go.  I'm sorry.  Just go would you.
Yes and I've read it.  You wake up every night sheets soaking the same nightmare over and over...
Spare me Burke.  I've had my psych evaluation this month.
If you go.  It's a second chance kiddo.  And it'll be the best thing in the world for you to face this fear and beat it.  You gotta get back on the horse...
What if I said I could get you reinstated as a flight officer? And that the company has agreed to pick up your contract?
It's all I could get.  Anyway it keeps my mind off of... everything.  Days off are worse.
Running loaders forklifts that sort of thing?
That's right.
I heard you were working in the cargo docks.
Yeah yeah.  I saw the commercial.
Well the corporation co-financed that colony with the Colonial Administration against mineral rights.  We're getting into a lot of terraforming...'Building Better Worlds.'
What about you?  What's your interest in this?
I was reamed steamed and dry-cleaned by you guys...and now you want me to go back out there?  Forget it.
Hear me out...
No.  There's no way!
You are a head case.  Have a donut.
They had their minds made up before I even went in there. They think I'm a head case.
You had them eating out of your hand kiddo.
Just tell them what happened.  The important thing is to stay cool and unemotional.
I get the picture.
Look I believe you but there are going to be some heavyweights in there.  You got Feds you got interstellar commerce commission you got colonial administration insurance company guys...
You read my deposition...it's complete and accurate.
Cancer.  Hmmmm.  They still haven't licked that one.  Cremated.  Interred Parkside Repository Little Chute Wisconsin.  No children.
Amanda Ripley-McClaren.  Married name I guess.  Age:  sixty-six ...at time of death.  Two years ago.  I'm sorry.
Well I was going to wait until after the inquest...
Have they located my daughter yet?
You'd drifted right through the core systems.  It's blind luck that deep-salvage team caught you when they...are you all right?
Fifty-seven...oh Christ...
Shit.  Apone collect magazines from everybody.  We can't have any firing in there.
We're talking thermonuclear explosion.
PDT'S.  Personal-Data Transmitters. Every adult colonist had one surgically implanted.
What's he scanning for?
It's insured.
Looks like you company can write off its share of this colony.
Dead on all channels.
Still nothing from the colony?
We're trained to deal with these kinds of situations.
These Colonial Marines are some tough hombres and they're packing state-of-the-art firepower. Nothing they can't handle...right Lieutenant?
You wouldn't be going in with the troops.  I can guarantee your safety.
Look we don't know what's going on out there.  It may just be a down transmitter.  But if it's not I want you there...as an advisor.  That's all.
All right I guess.  One hell of a hangover.  Look Ripley... I...
How do you feel?
They're but off!  Do something!
I told them to fall back...
Shut up.  Just shut up!
GET THEM OUT OF THERE!  DO IT NOW!
So...then the fusion containment shuts down.
Proceed inside.
I don't know.
What is it?
Gorman!  Give it a rest would you.
Where are your parents?  You have to try...
Apone...where are your people? Anybody in D-Block?
The structure seems intact.  They have power.
Hold at forty.  Slow circle of the complex.
Thirty-eight...simulated.
How may drops is this for you Lieutenant?
You tell me.  I only work here.
We're not making that out too well.  What is it?
Unknown.  But it looks like all of them.  Over at the processing station...sublevel 'C' under the south tower.
Hah!  Stop your grinnin' and drop your linen!  Found 'em.
Okay stand by in operations.  Let's go.
Sir the CPU is on-line.
He's coming in.  I feel safer already.
...We're coming in.
All right the area's secured. Let's go in and see what their computer can tell us.  First team head for operations. Hudson see if you can get their CPU on line.  Hicks meet me at the south lock by the up-link tower...
How do I get out of this chicken-shit outfit?
Are there any questions?  Hudson?
All we know is that there's still no contact with the colony and that a xenomorph may be involved.
Is this going to be a stand-up fight Sir on another bug-hunt?
What's the question?
Hudson Sir.  He's Hicks.
At ease.  I'm sorry we didn't have time to brief before we left Gateway but...
Let's go!  Let's go!
Six meters.  Five.  What the fu --
Well you're not reading it right!
Let's get these things lit.
Seventeen meters.
The corner!  Ready?
I want you two walking the perimeter. I know we're all in strung out shape but stay frosty and alert. We've got to stop any entries before they get out of hand.
Maybe we got 'em demoralized.
I don't fucking believe this. Do you believe this?
We got problems.
Aye-firmative.
Outstanding.  Then all we need's a deck of cards.  All right let's move like we got a purpose.
Are you finished?  You okay?
Well that's great!  That's just fucking great man.  Now what the fuck are we supposed to do man? We're in some real pretty shit now!
Not that tunnel the other one!
Let's get the fuck out of here!
Sure Hicks.
Don't be long Ellen.
We ain't going anywhere.
Hicks don't let him leave.
All right!  She's alive.  I believe it.  But we gotta get moving!  Now!
No!  No!  She's alive!  We have to --
Stand back.
We didn't miss anything.
They learned.  They cut the power and avoided the guns.  They must have found another way in something we missed.
Get back here both of you.  Fall back to Operations.
It's game time.
Let's waste him.  No offense.
You know Burke I don't know which species is worse.  You don't see them screwing each other over for a fucking percentage.
The only way it would work is if he sabotaged certain freezers on the trip back.  Then he could jettison the bodies and make up any story he liked.
Wait a minute.  We'd know about it.
Yeah.  I've noticed.
Look you started this.  Now show me everything.  I can handle myself.
Well that's the grenade launcher ...you probably don't want to mess with that.
What's this?
If it comes to that I'll do us both.  Let's see that it doesn't Here I'd like to introduce you to a close personal friend of mine.
Hicks I'm not going to wind up like those others.  You'll take care of it won't you it if comes to that?
Maybe.  Maybe not.
They'll get us.
But they don't know that.  They're probably looking for other ways to get in.  That'll take them awhile.
Newt time then can walk right up and knock.
Can't tell.  Lots.  D gun's down to twenty.  Ten.  It's out.
They're in the approach corridor.
That's right.  So we put up welded barricades at these intersections...  ...and seal these ducts here and here.  Then they can only come at us from these two corridors and we create a free field of fire for the other two sentry units here.
We gotta figure on them getting into the complex.
All right.  There's a fire door at this end.  The first thing we do is put a remote sentry in the tunnel and seal that door.
About seventeen days.
How long after we're declared overdue can we expect a rescue?
Poor bastard.
Removed surgically before embryo implantation.  Subject:  Marachuk John L.   Died during procedure.  They killed him getting it off.
No.  No!  It ain't you.  They're inside.  Inside the perimeter. They're in here.
You're just reading me.
It's inside the complex.
Hudson give us a break.
Oh man.  And I was gettin' short too!  Four more weeks and out. Now I'm gonna buy it on this fuckin' rock.  It ain't half fair man!
Maybe you haven't been keeping up on current events but we just got out asses kicked pal!
Yeah bullshit.  Watch us.
Look man let's just bug out and call it even okay?
All right we can't blow the fuck out of them...why not roll some canisters of CN-20 down there. Nerve gas the whole nest?
Anytime.  Anywhere.
Somebody said alien...she thought they said illegal alien and signed up.
No.  Have you?
Hey Vasquez...you ever been mistaken for a man?
It's readin' right.  Look!
Can't be.  That's inside the room!
Nine meters.  Eight.
They're right on us.  Vasquez how you doing?
Twelve meters.  Man this is a big fucking signal.  Ten meters.
I don't know an acid hole in a duct.  Something under the floors not on the plans. I don't know!
Fifteen meters.
Seal the door.
Range twenty meters.
Just get back here!
This signal's weird...must be some interference or something. There's movement all over the place...
What do you mean they cut the power?  How could they cut the power man?  They're animals.
They cut the power.
Oh right!  Right!  With those things running around.  No way.
Well then somebody's just going to have to go out there.  Take a portable terminal and go out there and plug in manually.
What about the colony transmitter? That up-link tower down at the other end.  Why can't we use that?
Think of what?  We're fucked.
I don't care how!  Think of a way.  Think of something.
How?  The transmitter was on the APC.  It's wasted.
We need the other drop-ship.  The on one the Sulaco.  We have to bring it down on remote somehow.
Uh what's next?
Yeah right it runs from the processing station right into the sublevel here.
This service tunnel is how they're moving back and forth.
She survived longer than that with no weapons and no training.
Man we're not going to make it seventeen hours!  Those things are going to come in here just like they did before man... they're going to come in here and get us man long before...
Oh God.  Jesus.  This ain't happening.
You can't help them.  Right now they're being cocooned just like the others.
Hey...hey!  Look Crowe and Dietrich aren't dead man.
Looks like it stung him.
The embryo the second form hosts in the victim's body for several hours.  Gestating.  Then it...  ...then it...emerges.  Moults. Grows rapidly --
Sounds like you Hicks.
Tell him as far as I'm concerned he finds something it's his.
So what do I tell this guy?
Christ.  Some honch in a cushy office on Earth says go look at a grid reference in the middle of nowhere we look.  They don't say why and I don't ask.  I don't ask because it takes two weeks to get an answer out here and the answer's always 'don't ask.'
There's a guy on the horn mom-and-pop survey team.  Says he's homing on something and wants to know if his claim will be honored.
Yeah.  What?
You remember you sent some wildcatters out to that plateau out past the Ilium range a couple days ago?
No.. I've slept enough.
Bad dreams again?  Do you want something to help you sleep?
Just a couple of days.  Do you feel up to a visitor?
How long have I been on Gateway station?
Just terrible?  That's better than yesterday at least.
And how are we today?
Yes honey.  I think we both can.
Can we dream?
That's right.
Are we going to sleep now?
Right here baby.  Right here.
Mommy...Mommy?
Newt I want you to hang on now.  Hang on tight.
I knew you'd come.
This way.  Come on we're almost there!
Sure.  Go left.
DO you know how to get to the landing field from here?
Come on.  Crawl faster.
Burke!  Open the door!
I know honey.  Me too.
Mommy...I mean Ripley...I'm scared.
Sssh.  Don't move.  We're in trouble.
Wah...?  Where are...?
Newt.  Newt wake up.
I'll be right in the other room Newt.  And look...I can see you on that camera right up there.
Don't go!  Please.
You mean dead.
Where is she?
Yes.  A little girl.
Did you ever have a baby?
No it's different honey.
Isn't that how babies come? I mean people babies...they grow inside you?
I don't know Newt.  That's the truth.
Did one of those things grow inside her?
Well some kids can't handle it like you can.
Why do they tell little kids that?
Yes there are aren't there.
My mommy always said there were no monsters.  No real ones.  But there are.
Oh.  Sorry Newt.
Ripley...she doesn't have bad dreams because she's just a piece of plastic.
I don't want to...I have scary dreams.
Now you just lie here and have a nap.  You're exhausted.
You don't have to be sorry.  It wasn't your fault.
I'm sorry Newt.
I guess we're not leaving right?
You're really something ace.
Yeah you know.  In the walls under the floor.  I was the ace.  I could hide better than anybody.
The 'maze'?  You mean the air ducts?
I was the best at the game. I knew the whole maze.
And hope to die?
Cross my heart.
You promise?
Newt.  Look at me...Newt.  I won't leave you.  I promise.
They're dead.
They'd be here if they could honey.  I know they would.
Because you'll be gone soon like the others.  Like everybody.  You'll be dead and you'll leave me alone.
I don't want you for a friend.
What about me?
Casey.  She's my only friend.
Newt.  My n-name's Newt. Nobody calls me Rebecca except my dork brother.
What did you say?
Sweet Jesus.
Sixty maybe seventy families.
How many colonists?
What are you talking about. What people?
Because I don't have to.  The people who live there checked it out years ago and they never reported and 'hostile organism' or alien ship.  And by the way they call it Acheron now.
Why won't you check out LV-426?
...because just one of those things managed to kill my entire crew within twelve hours of hatching...
Thank you Officer Ripley.  That will be...
Look I can see where this is going.  But I'm telling you those things exist.  Back on that planetoid is an alien ship and on that ship are thousands of eggs.  Thousands. Do you understand?  I suggest you find it using the flight recorder's data.  Find it and deal with it -- before one of your survey teams comes back with a little surprise...
That's because I blew it out the Goddamn airlock!  Like I said.
The analysis team which went over your shuttle centimeter by centimeter found no physical evidence of the creature you describe...
It did not however contain any entries concerning the hostile life form you allegedly picked up.
Look I told you...
That wouldn't be very sporting.
Then go get him.
One man.  He must be good.
You underestimate the trap Mary.
Not to be trapped.
What's the point?
Let's go while there is still time.
I don't think there is another human being in this whole world who would have helped us.
I'm sure glad you found us Sebastian.  What do you think Mary?
Mr. Sebastian is a host who wants to be appreciated.  We'll appreciate him and he'll cooperate.
If he won't cooperate?
He knows what he's doing.
Well stocked.
You certainly have a nice place here.
We're not used to the big city. Where we come from it's not so easy to get lost.
We were worried to death.  It's awfully kind of you.
Can't thank you enough Mr. Sebastian. If you hadn't come along...
Nothing the God of biomechanics wouldn't let you in heaven for.
Also extraordinary things.
I've done some questionable things.
Also you're too valuable to experiment with.
Put it this way.  Rolls Royces are made to last -- as least they were. But I'm afraid you're a Ferrari. A high strung racing car -- built to win not to last.
But not to last.
Wouldn't obstruct replication but it does give rise to an error in replication so that the newly formed DNA strand carries a mutation and you're got a virus again... but all this is academic -- you are made as good as we could make you.
Then a repressor protein that blocks the operating cells.
We've already tried it -- ethyl methane sulfonate is an alkylating agent and a potent mutagen -- it creates a virus so lethal the subject was destroyed before we left the table.
What about E.M.S. recombination?
Because by the second day of incubation any cells that have undergone reversion mutation give rise to revertant colonies -- like rats leaving a sinking ship.  The ship sinks.
The facts of life.  I'll be blunt. To make an alteration in the evolvement of an organic life system at least by men makers or not it fatal.  A coding sequence can't be revised once it's established.
I want more life fucker.
I'm afraid that's a little out of my...
What's the problem?
Had in mind something a little more radical.
Would you like to be modified?
Can the maker repair what he makes?
And what can he do for you?
It's not an easy thing to meet your maker.
I'm surprised you didn't come to me sooner.
Here's your check my boy.  Thank you.
Yeah.  It might be better if we talk in private Sebastian.  Why don't you go home.
The name is Batty.  Roy Batty.
No you stay here with us.  Out last night together.
Just thought I'd...
Where are you going Sebastian?
You're our best and only friend.
This afternoon.
When do you deliver your project?
Be better if I could talk to him in person.  But he's not an easy man to get to.
I'd be happy to mention it to him.
His company made us.
Tyrell could help us Sebastian.
He's not really my friend.  I just do a job for him now and then.
Dr. Tyrell?
What about your friend the man who owns this building?
If we don't find help soon Pris hasn't got long to live.
I don't know much about biomechanics Roy.  I wish I did but you're out of my league.
You could help us.
Of course not.
Not only that but we have smiliar problems.  Accelerated decrepitude. But we don't want to die quite yet.
You mean that you can't come here and I can't go there?
We have a lot in common.
Show me something?
What generation are you?
You're androids.
What Sebastian?
You're just all so... so different.
Why are you staring at us?
Well actually
Oh no bother I'd be glad to.
If it wouldn't be too much of a bother... a little bite to eat would be...
How about breakfast I was just going to make some.
Well no not really.  There's Mr. Deetchum he's the watchman he lives on the first floor.
I like a man who stays put.  An admirable thing to be able to sustain yourself in these times. You live here all by yourself do you?
Okay but don't kill him.  Save a little for everybody.  A masterpiece.
I want to do it.
Very good Pris.  Now show him why.
I think therefore I am.
Not if everybody is doing their job here at home.  How are things at home?
Then we're stupid and we'll die.
Hello glad to meet you.
This is my Uncle Roy Sebastian.
Tomorrow he says.
He's not ready yet.
What's going on down there?
Yeah.  I got it.
If you don't we will.  It has to be total Deckard.  That's an order from as high as it comes.  Got it?
Okay here it is.  Eldon Tyrell his family and half his staff were just massacred.  The cat is about to get out of the bag.  Pressure is definitely on.  The Nexus program is terminated.  When you finish there locate Nexus designated Rachael and retire.
Take a number.  Canapt 1700 tenth floor Villa Vita District Olympia South.
She's not with you?
This is Bryant.  Are you alone?
Look go home.  Get some rest. Take an aspirin.
You didn't like her!?
I didn't like her.
Then let her get away.  I thought you were a pro -- you're supposed to be a fuckin' tracker!
She was gonna get away.
If you hurry you'll get back before it gets cold.  I got a spinner on your roof in five minutes.  Good luck.
I was just about to have my dinner.
Bryant here.  Regarding the rundown you requested on job applicants Esper's concluded that the only irregular category that Tyrell's got is the entertainment section.  You better get on it.
Garbage man?
Industrial refuse.
What was the cover on the one that got Holden?
The Tyrell Corporation has a demo model.  Check it out on the Voight-Kampff.  There's a chance the Nexus-6 is beyond out ability to detect.  If that's the case everybody's up shit creek.
Where do we start?
We're using Esper -- a 231 -- that picked up Holden's alarm.  Its guess is that all five are in the city.
You got a machine on it yet?
There wasn't much left of him so we can't be sure.  But bio- chemical data and morphology records of the Nexus-6 were reported missing.  Going on the possibility they might try to infiltrate we send Holden in to run Voight-Kampff tests on the new employees.  Guess he found himself one.
What was he after?
Five.  Three nights ago one of them managed to break into the Tyrell Corporation.  Killed two guards and got as far as the Genetic Sector before he got fried going through an electro- field.
Oh!  Day after tomorrow.
Day after tomorrow.
When might that be?
Soon as I finish the job.
Well when do you get paid?
Your customer eh?
It's gotta be right for my customer.
Nexus designated Zhora:  incept June 13th 2017 athletic conditioning highly competitive special abilities in the entertainment field.
Number three.
Nexus designated Pris:  incept data December 13 2017 competitive programmed to provide pleasure for long term spacers.
Nexus designated Mary:  incept November 1 2017 domestic conditioning non competitive trained for day care position.
Okay gimme a run-down on the three females.
Longevity is classified.  No.
Never mind.  Do they have that knowledge?
Four years.  Which would make her termination date...
The umbrella.
And what in your estimation works?
Not if it works.
Do you have something against science?
I think we're through for the night.
What about a summary then.
I know all that.
Here's something you might find interesting.  They have been built to emulate the human in every way except in its emotional spectrum. However after a period of time it is only logical that such a 'mechanism' would create its own emotional responses hate love fear anger envy.
I'm coming to that.  Vulnerable zone is the base of the skull the occipital bone.  A direct hit is a positive retirement.
Okay but...
Unlike a five they can sustain massive traumas to several parts of the body without debilitating another.  Sever a leg and it will perform quicker on the remaining leg than the fastest man can run
How do I stop one?
The five in question are third generation Nexus Sixes constructed of skin-flesh culture selected enogenic transfer conversion capable of self-perpetuating thought para-physical abilities and developed for emigration program.  Are you with me?
Why yes of course.
You equipped for random questions?
This is Esper and I'm ready.  Go ahead please.
Machines can be helpful sometimes but they can also be a pain in the ass.  Ask for a trace on a forger and you might wind up at a steel- mill.  I don't mind a bum-steer once in a while -- it's their personalities that usually get me.  Somebody once said that man makes machines in his own image.  If that's true whoever made Esper should have been shot.
Four years.
My birthday is April 10 2015. How long do I live?
I don't know.
How old am I?
I gotta piss.
One more eh?
I like you too.
I like you.
You like to kiss her goodbye.
Two months.  But this one is not guy.  It is girl.  His girl.
How long you had these guys?
Those cockroaches?
No problem.
Sorry don't have the time.
You want to see my friends?
My pleasure.
Thank you very much.
Shot of vodka please.
I'll but you one.  What'll you have?
But I would like to buy you drink.
It's okay.  Forget it.
I think I have no money.
I know what they are Deck -- Look maybe they can pretend to feel but far as the raw hot emotions of the old heart -- no way.
These aren't just...
Love is just another name for sex. Love is sexy and sex is lovely -- I don't care what you call it an android can't have it.
I'm taking a piss.
What's that?
I think I'm starting to empathize with these Nexus-sixes.
Let's hear it.
No.  I got a problem.
Yeah.  But that's what I wanted to talk to you about.
From what I hear you're doing great.  Bryant tells me you're going like a god damn one-man army.  Making a lot of money huh?
I'm doing okay.
Hey it's okay.  I like to pee. So how are you doing?
Don't make me laugh.  It makes me pee.
Well you don't have to worry about getting it wrinkled.
I'm great.  I mean I know I'm not really great but I feel just great.  How you like my new suit?
My job is here.
But if you could?
Why didn't you go?
Never been more sure of anything in my life.
They'll change the limit before I change my mind.
What if you change your mind?
Listen I could make you a long list of complaints about this fucken city but I still rather be here than up there.
You're going to be over the limit.
But you haven't put in for emigration.
Considering the nature of your work that could be unhealthy.
Your mind kept wandering.  That bothered me.
During the road test...
Meaning you don't run as fast as you used to.
I didn't say that.  Your motivity rate checked out a little slower than last time.
Nerves of steel.
Silicone Valley.  Lots of these science guys never leave that place.  We book two shows a month in there. Those big time techs and bio- guys might be real high zoners up here but when it comes to the arts they like it loud and lewd.
What shows?
Lots of places.  The tours the clubs the Silicone shows private parties.
Book the good ones for where?
You talking about the Opera House on the Main?
That's what we call in the trade audition free-for- alls and most of it sucks. Bit I don't think that's her.
What's suck night?
I didn't know if I wanted to handle her -- I already got a snake act.  But my partner goes down there to the Opera House on suck night to book the good ones.
What night?
Nothing.  She wanted to know about suck night.
The girl that doesn't look like that girl.
What did she want?
This one looks familiar but I don't know.  Naw.  There's one came in today looks a little like this one but...
Do you recognize any of them?
You see I lost my contacts a couple of days ago around here somewhere and my sight is a little... What am I supposed to be looking for?
I'd like  you to take a look at these pictures.
Can I come in?
Taffey Lewis?
And who do I go to about you?
Little dirty holes the bastards drill in the wall so they can watch a lady undress.
I bet I would.
You'd be surprised what a guy'll go through to get a glimpse of a beautiful body.
Hey!  Do your job but don't wreck mine huh?
Does it eat?
You mean the snake.
It's a good job.
Of course he's not real.  You think I'd be working here if I could afford a real snake?
It that mother real?
What the fuck for?
Oh yeah. You'd be surprised what goes on around here.  I'd like to check the dressing room if I could.
Are you for real?
Like to get this position.  Did you or were you asked to do anything lewd or unsavory or otherwise repulsive to your person?
How do you mean 'exploited'?
You haven't felt yourself to be exploited by the management in any way?
I don't know nothing about it.
There's been reports of management sexually abusing the artists in this place.
I'm with the American Federation of Variety Artists...
That some of the folks around here are more programmed then me.
You know what I think?
Just wait here.
What difference will it make?
Don't leave here.  Don't open the door don't answer the phone.
No I don't.
Do you think I simulated what happened between us?
Andies only simulate suffering -- if they're programmed for it.
Don't you think anything that can suffer deserves to be considered?
Because it's not.
Why do you call it retire why don't you call it murder?
Nope.  Nobody could stand me that long.
What's a long time?
You mean a woman?
Have you ever known anybody a long time?
I never felt better.
You're sick Deckard.
Good for a smart girl to feel stupid.  Part of your education.
This feels stupid.
I don't like the noise.  Just practice.  Practice makes perfect.
But then how can you...
Never mind the plug just go through the motions.
But if I don't plug it in how can I...
I don't like people snooping around my stuff.
They could clean around the arrangement.
It appears to be dirty -- why don't you get somebody?
Don't be fooled by appearances.
Have you ever cleaned your apartment?
When was the last time you cleaned this place?
I'm not sure.  Is there a secret?
I don't know... I think I missed something.
I don't know I have nothing to compare it to.  I guess I thought there was something more to it.
It wasn't very good last night was it?
Nobody is freer than when he dreams.  I read that.
That's another thing I can't do.
Did you cry when your father died?
I wish I could.
Yeah.  Sometimes.
Do you dream?
If they are smart they take naps.
What do people do in the afternoon?
Not too good.
How are you doing?
I am.  Part of my job is to sit on a couch and try and figure things out.
How come you're not on the job?
Where is he?
Me and my dad.
Who is this?
You didn't hear me.  You were sleeping.
I told you I'd come back.
There's a lot I haven't done with a man before.
You ever take a bath with a man before?
What do you want me to do?
Don't just stand there looking at me.  It's not polite.
They probably want to find out when they were made.
Can you?  I couldn't.
I can imagine.
Do I make you nervous?
So I'm a piece of equipment. Use me.
You use your equipment don't you?
I work alone.
Two of us might be more effective than one.
Sounds like I'm an ass-hole either way but the answer is still no.
There's two reasons a man rejects help.  Either because he's so good at what he does he doesn't think he needs it or he's so insecure he can't admit it.
I think you need more help than you've got.
I've already got more help than I need.
I know you think it complicates your work but I'm here to help.
Is there anything else?
Last question.  You're watching an old movie.  It shows a banquet in progress the guests are enjoying raw oysters.
Sounds like you speaks from experience.
It would be my child.
In your opinion.
That would be murder Mr. Deckard.
I'd never get an abortion.
You become pregnant by a man who runs off with your best friend and you decide to get an abortion.
You show the picture to your husband. He likes it and hangs it on the wall. The girl is lying on a bearskin rug.
Is this testing whether I'm an android or a lesbian?
In a magazine you come across a full-page photo of a nude girl.
I'd kill it.
You're watching T.V. and suddenly you notice a wasp crawling on your wrist.
I'd take him to the doctor.
You have a little boy.  He shows you his butterfly collection plus the killing jar.
I wouldn't accept it.  Also I'd report the person who gave it to me to the police.
For the responsibility of your power.  Being a police bureaucrat you've got more than your share.
Why should I be?
Are you apprehensive?
Of course not.
It's artificial?
But because your department can't do an adequate job in detecting the miniscule number at large it's a problem.  Correct Mr. Deckard?
A humanoid robot is like any other machine it can be a benefit or a hazard.  If it's a benefit it's not our problem.
It seems your department doesn't believe out new unit is to the public benefit.
I'll see you in a minute.
Severed spine.  You'd better get in here.  Bryant's waiting for you.
Holden got hit.
Next time you go on vacation do me a favor let us know where it is.
You know where I been.  I been on vacation.
Where the hell you been?
All pertinent information is being fed into your departmental computer an Esper 231 -- I believe -- and a photo over-lay packet is being produced.
Discreetly.
And how is it one man will be able to cover so much ground?
Five maybe six.
How many questions does it usually take Mr. Deckard?
Memory implant.  She was programmed. But I think she has transcended her conditioning.  I think she was beginning to suspect.
She didn't know?
How many questions did it take?
The machine works.  She is.
If she is the machine works.
Sitting next to you.
One that relies on human interpretation.  Where's the subject?
Like you said Mr. Deckard a machine can be a hazard.  The Voight-Kampff scale is a machine isn't it?
Nothing is infallible but so far the Voight-Kampff scale bas been foolproof.
But in your profession that is a risk.
Have you ever retired a human by mistake?
May I ask a personal question?
Capillary dilation of the so-called blush response?  Plus fluctuation of the pupil plus involuntary dilation of the iris?
Is this to be an empathy test?
Almost through.
I'm tired of this.
You're not responding to the stimulus.  I can see right here I'm not getting a reading.
How do you know I'm not?
We're going to have to start the sequence again if you don't stay with me Deckard.  Concentrate.
Let's keep our eyes on the road Deckard.
I mean you're not helping! Why is that Leon?
Whatcha mean I'm not helping?
You reach down and flip the tortoise over on its back Leon.
But I understand what you mean.
I never seen a turtle.
Same thing.
Know what a turtle is?
A tortoise.  What's that?
Maybe you're fed up maybe you want to be by yourself -- who knows.  So you look down and see a tortoise.  It's crawling towards you...
But how come I'd be there?
Doesn't make any difference what desert -- it's completely hypothetical.
What desert?
You're in a desert walking along in the sand when all of a sudden you look down and see a...
Reaction time is a factor in this so please pay attention.  Answer quickly as you can.
Already had I.Q. test this year -- but I don't think I never had a...
Don't move.
I kinda get nervous when I take tests.
You're all so perfect.
What makes you think so?
I keep a lot of provisions right here.
Sebastian doesn't like to go out too much.
As a matter of fact I did.  They've got some work to do tonight but they're gonna come tomorrow.
Ah you get hold of your friends?
Yes.  I couldn't pass the test.
Is that why you're still here?
My glands.  They grow old too fast.
What's that?
Methuselah Syndrome.
What's your problem?
Yeah I live here pretty much alone right now...
And you live in this building all by yourself?
Just better.
You look... better.
You scared me.
Whatcha doin'?
I was hoping you'd say that.
I've got stuff.  If you wanna go to my place?
I'm hungry J.F.
We sure did.
We scared each other pretty good didn't we?
I have some but I have to find out where they are staying.
What about friends?
Where are your folks?
I don't have one.
You want to go home?
Mine's J.F. Sebastian.
What's your name?
I was tired and didn't have any place to go.
How come you were in my truck?
When I asked Evan about his drawing well he didn't remember doing it.
Of course. There is one more thing Mrs. Treborn. And I feel bad for mentioning it...
Thank you for showing it to me first. I'll... I'll take care of it. Can I have the picture?
Yesterday I had all the children draw pictures of what they wanted to be when they grew up. Most of them made drawings of what their parents did but this...
What is it?
I was going to show this to the principal but I wanted to talk to you first.
I'm sorry but can it wait til tonight? I'm already late for work --
Mrs. Treborn! I need to speak with you!
The hemorrhaging... the neural damage is irreparable. I'm frankly surprised he still has use of his motor functions.
No dances just tell me.
So what did you find.
Actually these tests weren't available twenty years ago.
Nine ten. And you're awake! Open your eyes dammit!
Evan wake up oh please wake up!
How soon?...
It's worth a shot. I can arrange a controlled meeting. A careful dose of sedatives for Jason some security you and I monitoring. Evan comes in for a quick visit and with any luck no more missing father complex.
Well he has been pushing me to meet his father but I've been putting it off.
You'd be surprised how often they are.
Come on I doubt the answer's that simple.
Plenty. Who knows? Maybe he's got severe coping problems about not having a father. Did you say the last blackout occurred when he was with his friend's dad.
But he's seven. What kind of stress can he have?
If I had to guess I'd say the blackouts are stress related.
But you must have something to go on?
Unfortunately we've got nothing to work with. It's harder playing detective now.
And the bad news?
Well the good news is that the results are negative. I've found no evidence in the way of lesions hemorrhaging tumors...
It could be extremely useful to jog his memory. See if he remembers anything new the next day. And I'll have the test results back in a few days.
Why? What for?
A journal. Just have him write down everything he does.
Look Andrea I'm sure he'll test negative for brain disorders. But there's something else you can try to monitor his memory.
Just tell me that Evan doesn't have Jason's illness...
Hold it hold it Andrea. Let's not jump to conclusions. I'll run some preliminary tests see what we can rule out.
Not according to his teacher. It just got me thinking about Jason and what if Evan's inherited his father's condition?
And you say he doesn't remember any of it?
Don't worry. I'm gonna get you out of here.
Just. Like. Jason.
You told me that on Parents' Weekend. Remember? Wait that wasn't me. Or you.
How. Did you. Know that?
Come on Mom. Just 'cause Dad was my age when he started going crazy doesn't mean that I'm nuts.
You're. Acting. Like your father.
I just need the entry about the blockbuster. Wait shit no arms. I never even got the chance to write it.
There must be a way to fix this.
He's saying it's like forty years worth of new memories have been jammed in my brain since last year. Overload city. 'Sat about the gist of it doc?
What does that mean for Evan?
Okay doc. What's the damage? How much time have I got?
Fine. You'll get them Evan. But I think it's far more important to focus on your case right now.
Damn it Mom. I told you I need them all!
I found these. The others are still in storage.
How's Kayleigh doing? She all right?
I don't know. These things take time.
How long will I be in here?
...I spoke to your new lawyer about the appeal. He's sure he can get you off on self-defense so if you're patient.
What? What could he do?
And then just before it got so bad that he had to be committed he said that he could...
I couldn't tell if they were real memories or just phantoms. You know he might only have thought he actually remembered them...
When he was around your age... almost exactly your age. He said he figured out a trick to remember the past.
No it's just weird with him being such a brain and all I just wondered if he was ever able to remember stuff he'd forgotten.
Why do you ask?
Ma? Did he ever say that he figured out a way to recall a lost memory years after he blacked it out for the first time?
Please. He got straight A's without ever touching a book. That was the one area where his memory never failed him.
Did Da -- Jason --- get good grades?
I can't help it. I'm just so proud of you. You've got the highest grades in all of your classes.
Please mom. People will talk.
Don't try to use your blackouts to get out of this one!
I... I blacked out.
Something must've happened! What set him off?
I don't know... I don't remember.
Now your father may seem sleepy to you but that's just because of his medicine okay?
I... I don't remember.
Honey. What were you doing with that?
What happened?
Great. I'll see you soon.
These'll bring you luck Crockett.
My father has a bad memory too?
That's why I wanted you to come here Evan. Dr. Redfield already has a background in memory loss.
You'll be fine. Dr. Redfield just wants to give you some tests. You'll like him.
I don't like this place Mom. It's creepy. Please can we go? I promise I won't make any more bad pictures!
Good. Because I've been waiting to see your art projects all week and I'd feel terrible if all you thought about was your father not being there.
I get the point kiddo. But I'm not so bad am I?
All the dads are gonna be there.
But Lenny said that his dad's coming... and Tommy and Kayleigh's dad...
We've been over this a hundred times. It's too dangerous for him.
Can't he come out for one day?
You know the answer to that.
Um... can dad come this time?
Thanks. Don't worry Evan you'll have plenty of time.
Righty-tighty lefty-lucy.
We're putting up pictures for Parent's Night.
When did you ever care about getting to school on time?
We're gonna be late again.
So you believe me?
Signs of the Lord. They just appeared out of nowhere. I thought you were loco!
What did you see? What did it look like?
Marks scars I dunno. Anything could happen I guess.
Weirder than this?
Just tell me if anything weird happens.
You need to see the prison shrink man.
So when I'm out I need you to watch my face and hands closely.
I ain't bullshitting. Jesus speaks to me in my dreams.
Shit. I knew you were crazy.
Because I think he sent me to your cell on purpose. For you to help me.
Straight up.
Jesus himself couldn't make me take on the Brotherhood. When they come just put your mind in another place man. Be somewhere else.
Can you protect me?
Best not bitch up. Wind up someone's luggage that way.
You remind me of your father. He always screamed for a photo album even though he never had one.
But I... I need those books.
Think Evan. You've invented a disease that doesn't exist. Alternate universes with colleges prisons paraplegia...
My journals! Where are they?
Where are my goddamn books?
Hey Evan. What's the big rush? We don't meet for another hour.
Lemme guess. Would that be where the memories are stored?
This is where we're finding most of the hemorrhaging. The outer lining of the cerebral cortex.
Are you sure? Not even with my father?
It's a little complicated. I haven't seen results exactly like these before.
It's coming... argh! I can't!
The car doesn't vanish Evan. The movie in your head has broken that's all. But now I've re-spliced it and I want you to tell me about the car.
I can't... the car vanishes and all of a sudden I'm on the ground in the woods.
Go on. Nothing can hurt you. Remember this is only a movie. You're completely safe.
I see a car.
Okay. Then go a little forward in time. What do you see now?
No protecting her.
Are you hurting her?
I'm standing next to Kayleigh my hands are over her ears.
Where are you now?
Now I want you to go back to the time you were in the woods with Lenny. Think of it like a movie. You can pause rewind or slow down any details you wish. Understand?
Not in this wing actually. No.
Dad lives here?
You know my father?
Hello Evan. It's very nice to meet you.  He's as handsome as his father.
Sorry dude. Just figured it'd be okay with you bein' sick and all.
Get out. Both of you.
Fuck off frat boy.
Whasamatter? Lost your Rolex?
Shucks I dunno. But maybe there's a reason why you've repressed the one day when some old lecher had you in your tighty whities dammit!
Are you stupid or what?
Shhh! I need quiet for this.
What the fuck are you doing?
I never wanted to be in the movie anyway and it was cold so I wanted to wear my clothes but Mr. Miller took his shirt off --
All I know is that I might be able to unblock some of my repressed memories.
You really think he wanted to kill you?
That's probably why Hannibal Lecter's so smart.
Just by absorbing the first worm into its cellular structure it gets all of the worm's memories.
It's an experiment with flatworms and a maze. You take a flatworm and run it through the maze until he's memorized it. Then you put a new flatworm in the maze. He's clueless. Banging into walls getting lost whatever.
This is bigger. Seven years to the day. No blackouts.
I thought you were a December baby.
Get dressed Thumper you're taking me out for my birthday.
Why not? But that's not how things wound up. I'm with Lenny Lenny's your friend. And there it ends.
Then you think it might have worked out?
Well a lot of things cross my mind. I've always been a fast thinker Ev. I can play out the movie of our entire lives in under a second. Boom -- we fall in love -- get married -- two kids your keen analytical insight matched to my generous nature -- kids grow old as do we relatively stable relationships matching burial plots the whole bit. It took a lot longer to spit out than to imagine.
It's crossed my mind from time to time.
I never knew that. So then you still sometimes think of us... together?
When my folks split they gave me and Tommy a choice who we wanted to live with. I couldn't stand my dad but I knew if I moved to my mom's I'd never see you again.
I don't get it.
That's why when I was little I never went to live with my mother.
Sure Evan why not? You were the first person I really ever cared about.
Yeah I think I gotta get these fixed or something.
Is something the matter?
He saved Mrs. Halpern? Please the twisted fuck.
You know how spiritual he's gotten ever since he saved Mrs. Halpern and Katie.
Stop! Take me back!
We have to get you to Sunnyvale. You're having one of your famous hemorrhages.
Where are we going?
Well don't give up now Slick. You've already done so much for me. Hell why don't you go back in time and save Mrs. Halpern and her baby. Then maybe Lenny wouldn't freak out and ruin my family.
I'm over it. Whenever I try to help anyone it all turns to shit.
Off to change everyone's life again is that it? Maybe this time you'll pop up in some mansion while I wind up in Tijuana doing the donkey act.
Don't think I'll need it where I'm going.
Sure you don't want your wallet?
There is no fuckin' way on this planet or any other that I was in some fuckin' sorority.
There's one major hole in your story.
That I didn't leave you there to rot.
I just thought you should know.
Then forget that. How about... you prefer the smell of a skunk to flowers you hate cilantro because for reasons unknown to you it reminds you of your step-sister.
Anyone with fifty bucks could tell you that.
Shit. I dunno. How would I know about the twin moles on your inner thigh?
Oh? There's proof now?
I couldn't give a shit if you believe me or not and frankly I'm too tired to prove it to you.
I'm the only person you've told? That's a great line. Does that make other girls swoon? Do they actually eat up this bullshit?
I never thought you would. That's why I've never bothered to tell a soul until now and why I never will again.
You're right Evan I don't believe you.
Do you remember when I was a kid and I had those blackouts?
On the bridge. How did you know that Tommy had your dog? That was no fucking hunch.
Let me ask you a question. Just a little one that's been gnawing at me for years.
Different? How?
Because you're... different.
Why's that?
I've seen some sickening shit. I don't blink twice anymore especially in your case.
What's happened to you?
The bottom. When you're just a piece of meat waiting for the next attack.
Ha! Where's that?
No. Just that you need to hurt me with it. I've been where you've been.
Oh I'm sorry. Does my line of work make you uncomfortable precious?
I get it. You can drop it now.
So how's tricks? Sorry occupational humor.
Nice to see you too. Can I come in?
Oh I thought you were my eight o'clock. Make it fast I'm expecting someone.
Now's the only time!  Today you get a chance to redeem yourself. Start over with a clean slate. Tabula rasa --
Evan. Stop it. It's not the time.
I want you to take this Lenny. Today's your day of atonement. I know how guilty you feel about that woman and her baby --
He's a fucking maniac!
Evan stop! You're gonna kill him!
Wait. Something's not right. Isn't that your jacket?
I know I've been actin strange lately. It's just that... I don't want anything to happen to us.
I can't put my finger on it but everything's a bit off. Even the dinner tonight. It was beautiful but...
I walk differently?
I don't know. You seem... different. You make weird jokes. Your accents changed. You don't even walk the same.
It's just... you've been acting kinda strange you know?
What do you mean?
Are you okay?
My father never laid a hand on me. It's like the prick saved it all up for Tommy.
Don't give me this Oprah-book club bad upbringing shit because you turned out fine.
It's not his fault Evan. You knew how bad he had it when we were kids.
Yeah right. Tell that to Crockett.
Please Evan. Don't even joke. He wouldn't hurt you. He's just trying to scare you away from me.
Might'a been nice.  Like this is gonna do any good. Maybe one of the frat guys has a gun.
It's my fault. I should have told you he was released a few weeks ago.
Simple math. When I woke up this morning and saw your smile... I knew that I wanted to spend the rest of my life with you.
Why are you doing all this for me?
Go on. Sit down.
I don't know what to say. It's beautiful.
You'll see.
I don't understand where are you taking me?
As if my dad could've stopped me from seeing you. What's he gonna do to me?
What do you think it is about us that makes us so perfect? Like looking back whatever gave you the nerve to sneak out and visit me after I moved away?
Yeah if you call multiple orgasms weird.
So it didn't feel... weird?
Oh my God that was good. Where'd you learn all those new tricks?
I dunno.  Just being weird.
Well I remember he had one... but he like put it away after the first day. Why would that freak me out?
Hey uh don't go freaking out on me over this but do you remember when your dad first got his video camera?
Those are your clothes silly.
Where... where are my clothes?
Mmmm... You give good compliment. Clean up and come back to bed.
Jesus Kayleigh you're...  Incredible.
Who are you trying to convince Evan?! You come all the way out here to stir up my shit just because you had a bad memory!? You want me to cry on your shoulder and tell you that everything's all better now? Well fuck you Evan! Nothing's gonna be all better! Okay?! Nothing ever gets better!
You can't hate yourself just because your dad's a twisted freak.
Just shut up Evan. You're wasting your breath.
No but I think something really bad might've happened to us.
Is that why you came all the way back? To ask a lot of stupid questions about Robin Hood?
I know but...
It was a long time ago.
It's just... did he... what happened in the basement?
What do you want to know Evan?
When we were kids. Your dad was making a movie. Robin Hood or something?
Well sure. I'll try to remember. Shoot.
Well lately some of the memories have begun to come back and I'd kinda like to talk to you about one of them in particular. It'd be a big help.
Remember when I was a kid I had all these blackouts?
Me? Are you kidding? Why?
Actually Kayleigh the reason I came back to town was to talk to you.
She had a new family. Not enough space for me. Said I should have moved in with her when we were kids. But... whatever.
Couldn't you have moved in with your mom?
Not if you remember my dad.
Wow. That must've taken some courage.
No. I emancipated myself when I was fifteen.
They kept him in juvy for a few years. Now he works over at Dale's Autobody.
So how's Tommy?
I've stopped a hundred times.
Not since we were kids.
I'm going to State now. Things are going okay. I guess. Mom's good...
No Evan. I don't know. It's been a long time. Fill me in.
Oh comme si comme ca you know...
God Evan! I never thought I'd see you again. How've you been?
Welcome home. Thought you might like some fresh air for a change.
He must be. They're letting him go right?
Did your mom say if Lenny was... okay?
Duck here they come.
He's been acting real strange lately. He won't even look me in the eyes anymore.
I can't believe Tommy's still pissed at me. He knows I'm moving away right?
What are you talking about? What you deserve is a better brother and father. All they do is make you feel like shit.
I deserve a lot worse.
Damn. Your dad did this?
It's not your fault. Mrs. Kagan called dad and blamed us for what happened to Lenny.
You really don't remember anything that happened?
I'm sorry Kayleigh. This was a bad idea.
Shit Lenny. What's happened to you! We've gotta get help!
Oh God... what did we do?
So let's go. This place creeps me out.
We should go soon. If Dad catches us smoking down here we're dead.
Been there done that.
That's dangerous! You could blow your hands off!
And I'll tell the Child Protective Services about your kiddie porn endeavors. One step closer and I'll shove this up your ass!
Easy does it Evan! Don't be a bad boy or I'll tell mommy you were naughty.
Listen close then fuckbag. You screw up again and I swear I'll flat out castrate you.
Let's just say you're being closely watched George. Your other option is to get your porn off the rack and treat Kayleigh like... oh let's say like how a loving father treats his daughter. Sound okay to you Papa?
Who -- who are you?
It'll change your daughter from a beautiful child into an empty shell whose only concept of trust was betrayed by her own sick pedophile father. Ultimately it'll lead to her suicide. Nice work daddy.
What's happened to -- How are you doing that?
Wrong answer fuckbag. This is the very moment of your reckoning. In the next thirty seconds you're going to open one of two doors. The first door will forever traumatize your own flesh and blood.
It's time for you to stand where the hell I told you.
What time is it?
Kayleigh? What happened?
Quit acting like some retard or I'll call your mother and tell her what a naughty little shit you've been.
I was just somewhere else -- how did I get here?
Calm down kid. Stand still.
Where am I? What happened? Where did we all go?
That's right Evan and you get to be the star.
We're really gonna be in a movie!?
Bullshit. I'll send you a postcard when I've made everything perfect again.
You can't play God son. It must end with me. Just by being here you may be killing your mother.
Who's to say you can't make things better?
But it didn't. And now I need info to make things right again and you're the only one who can give it to me.
I was praying this curse would have ended with me.
Look Jason I need some fast answers if I'm ever gonna fix what I've done.
Are you okay? You looked like you were somewhere else for a second there.
Uh-huh. Mom says I have your eyes and your --
It's okay. I won't bite. You've seen pictures of me right?
I'd say blow me. Get the pledges to do it.
Thanks. Wow. Hey I want to do something really special for Kayleigh tomorrow. If I said I needed some help from you and the brothers...
Damn Evan on the D.L.
You're kidding. Are these the answers?!
Me neither.
We'll find out soon enough.
Evan you're hysterical. You study for this?
The answer's 'no' Mr. Treborn. Now take a seat. The exam's about to begin.
Evan Treborn.
And you are...?
I still owe you an essay from last week. Is there any way I could get an extension?
Remember everyone! Only two weeks until your science projects are due.
I won't let you down Professor Carter.
Just don't drop the ball okay?
I know I know. Who can think of worms when your libido's in full swing right?
Oh fine I guess. It's been kind of crazy lately with my mom coming up so I haven't...
Whoa! Didn't mean to scare you Evan. Just wanted to know how the flatworms project was coming.
Hey I got no choice.
Typical psych major. A complete wise ass. And how's your project coming? Still planning to change the way we humble scientists view memory assimilation?
I'm not sure. I might have gotten some stories mixed up. Did Pavlov condition his dogs to lick his nuts?
Maybe because they never do.  So Don Juan you pass out on all your dates?
It didn't feel like a dream.
It was like Tommy was possessed or something. There was a hate in his eyes that I couldn't really call human.
Come on go on...
Deal. Now read me something.
Wow... read something.
Yeah. I've been keeping journals since I was seven.
Most guys tuck their porn under here but all you have are... comp books.
You're kidding. He's so... big.
Thumper had a busy afternoon.
Smells like sex in here.
Maybe if I can figure out how the memories of a simple worm function it'll help me understand the complexities of the human brain.
So what's the point?
If I hadn't blown my arms off Mom never woulda started smoking in the first place. Now shhhh.
Destroy it?
Shhh. I need to concentrate on the blockbuster if I'm gonna destroy it.
Duly noted. Now I'm gonna ask you for one last favor.
What do you need it for? I don't get you lately.
My mom packed for me. I think she sent everything I ever owned. So we'll see.
Are you sure you even packed it?
Forget it. What's the point of Psych now? Tomorrow I could wake up as some dirt farmer in Bangladesh.
Uh we should be getting to class now.
Y... yes. I guess I did.
You knew the whole time didn't you?  When you put the blade in my hand you knew something big was going to happen. Didn't you?!
Drop it or I'll slit your mother's throat in her sleep.
Yeah good what else do you remember?
I couldn't cut the rope.
Gee thanks friend.
That should buy you ten minutes at least.
Sure. I was gonna make a new one anyway.
Can... can... Can I have this?
I think I'll go check out the chapel.
Mom. Don't cry. I can change this.
Sorry Mrs. T. He's been out of sorts lately.
Lung cancer?
Oh goody nothing like spinning my chair around to a techno mix of Hava Nagila til I puke.
I did what you said man! We're pooling our student funds with Hillel House and we're going to have an Awareness Dance.
I'll do whatever you want. You don't want me to ever see Kayleigh again fine. Just let Crockett go. Besides you kill him now and they'll stick you in juvy for sure. And I know you'd never leave your sister alone with your father.
Listen to me good Evan...
No one thinks you're a piece of shit Tommy.
It wasn't enough that the whole world loves you but you had to take away the last person on earth who didn't think I was a piece of shit.
What the hell are you doing?
Leave us alone you sick fuck!
What's wrong with you?!
Look what you made me do!
What happened?? Where are we?!
Hurry! Let's go! Get him up Evan! Come on!
Hold your horses man. It's here somewhere. I saw it when I was a kid.
Tommy I'm bored shitless over here. What's up already?
Fat little baby crying for mommy.
Hey what'd you do that for?
Sorry. Never heard of her.
None taken. Hey uh does Kayleigh Miller still work here?
Meant no offense.
I come from a big family.
Nothing. Just that my brother did a stint in the pen and he used to eat like that.
Just get out didja?
Aw hey now that was a compliment.
Shut up Tommy!
Oh my God oh my God...
Lenny? Come on!
Wipe that sad-assed look off your face before you get us all busted. You see the way Evan's mom was looking at you?
Just blow something up? Are you nuts? There's an art to mass destruction. Would you just paint the Mona Lisa? No. Besides we're here already.
Where the hell are you taking us anyway? Just blow something up already.
What did I say about mentioning that bitch?
You are silly. He's a bad sheriff.
I thought I was the bad guy!
Quit it Tommy. Evan gets to be Robin Hood. I'm gonna be Maid Marian and you're the Sheriff of Nottingham!
I don't think Evan gets to be in it --
Evan guess what? Dad got a new video camera and we're all gonna be in a movie.
Yeah you do that Lenny.
Maybe it went out. Should someone check it?
Ain't gonna work this time buddy. Look how small that fuse is! I'll get killed.
The hell you aren't. Anyone of us does it you'll puss out and narc for sure.
What? No frigging way man. I'm not touching that thing.
Here you go buddy.
You're such a retard!
You put the mommy too far away. Mrs. Boswell has macaroni and glue if you wanna fix it.
Yoo hoo bomb...
What the hell?
It's Talby. He's drifting away from the ship without his jetpack.
What was that I didn't hear...
Doolittle are you there?
We've got to disarm the bomb.
Boiler we're alive. My heart.
It didn't go off.
It didn't go off.
We're gonna die Boiler. We're gonna die.
Where is the key?
Christ twenty seconds Christ!
The key goddamit the key!
You must have it you idiot we can stop the bomb!
I don't have it. I don't know where it is.
Where is it? What did you do with it?
Where's the fail-safe key?
No no the key the key to the fail- safe lock!
Key? Key? What is the key?
I think he's talking to it.
What's he doin'?
Look bomb...
I can tell the damn thing just doesn't understand.
Eventual supernova.
There she is. Definite 99%-plus probability that the planet is going to deviate from its normal orbit in another twelve thousand rotations. It'll spiral in toward its sun and --
Remember when the artificial gravity went out in the toilet?
I hope it's not the oven again.
I'm not sure. I think something is fucked up somewhere in the ship though.
Oh. What's wrong now?
The one on unit... oh I think it's GMR twelve zero zero.
What flickering light?
I'm getting this flickering light on one of my panels.
I read that with a quantum increase of seven.
Ninety seven million minus eight corrected to mass critical.
Right that checks out here.
I have a reduced drive reading of seven thousand.
Talby can you read me?
Can you beat that? I always knew Talby was weird.
Talby Talby can you read me?
-- open quantum latches --
Rechannel all safety relays --
I read the same here.
Quantum is up thirty-five.
He just likes it up in the dome that's all.
Why doesn't Talby ever eat down here with the rest of us?
Pinback throw me the chart log.
Sounds good. Chart a course for the Veil Nebula.
Hey Doolittle here's one. An unstable planet. 85% probability of an unstable planet in the Veil Nebula that will probably go off its orbit and hit a star.
So don't give me any of that sentient life crap. Find me something I can blow up.
All right then...
Remember what we found? Fourteen light years for a fucking mindless vegetable that looked like a limp balloon and went squawk and let a fart when you touched it. Remember?
Well there's the possibility of...
It's a goddamn wild goose chase. Remember when Commander Powell found that 99 plus probability of sentient life in the Magellanic Cloud?
Well it is kind of a long shot...
Fuck that shit.
Well I show a 95% probability of sentient life in the Horsehead Nebula...
Find me something I don't care where it is.
Not much. Nothing at all in this sector.
Well... now what? What do you have for us now. Boiler?
Time to start talking.
Pinback I have a computer reading of nine five seven seven.
Begin main sequence. Mark at 10-9-8- 7-6-5-4-3-2-1-drop.
Well then everything sounds fine. We'll drop you off in thirty-five seconds. Good luck.
Arm yourself bomb.
Check at six minutes.
All right I have detonation time at... Wait a minute something's wrong with the clock.  All right I have detonation time at... no that can't be right it says three years.  Okay I have six minutes exactly. Does that check out down there?
Detonation in six minutes twenty seconds.
Swell. Let's synchronize detonation time. Do you know when you're supposed to go off?
Energy shielding positive function.
Well bomb we have about sixty seconds to drop. Just wondering if everything is all right. Have you checked your platinum euridium energy shielding?
And I saw that I was alone.
Hey bomb...
In the beginning there was darkness and the darkness was without form and void.
Snap out of it bomb.
The only thing which exists is myself.
False data can act only as a distraction. Therefore. I shall refuse to perceive you.
Hello bomb.
Therefore I shall ignore you.
You are false data.
You won't consider another course of action for instance just waiting around awhile so we can disarm you?
I am programmed to detonate in nine minutes. Detonation will occur at the programmed time.
But you can't explode in the bomb bay. It's foolish. You'll kill us all. There's no reason for it.
Everything sounds fine bomb. Dropping you off in sixty seconds. Good luck.
Right that synchronizes here. Okay bomb arm yourself.
Detonation in twenty minutes.
Do you remember the detonation time?
Energy shielding positive function.
One hundred twenty seconds to drop bomb have you checked your platinum euridium energy shielding?
Bomb #20 to Sergeant Pinback. Roger I read you continue.
Fail safe in lock. Four minutes to drop 22 minutes to detonation. This is Sergeant Pinback calling Bomb #20. Do you read me bomb?
You have no proof that it was correct data.
I have no proof that it was false data.
...you may be doing so on the basis of false data.
...nine seconds...
So if you detonate in...
That's all beside the point. The concepts are valid wherever they originate.
True but since this is so I have no proof that you are really telling me all this.
Yes of course you remember it but what you are remembering is merely a series of electrical impulses which you now realize have no necessary connection with outside reality.
I recall distinctly the detonation order. My memory is good on matters like these.
So you have no absolute proof that Sergeant Pinback ordered you to detonate.
Yes well...
Well then you've already admitted that you have no real proof of the existence of the outside universe.
Of course not.
And you wouldn't want to explode on the basis of false data would you?
That is correct.
And you can only do it once right?
To explode of course.
Now bomb consider this next question very carefully. What is your one purpose in life?
Because I must detonate in seventy- five seconds.
Why don't you have more time?
Intriguing. I wish I had more time to discuss this matter.
Why that would mean... I really don't know what the outside universe is like at all for certain.
In other words all I really know about the outside universe relayed to me through my electrical connections.
What I'm getting at is this: the only experience that is directly available to you is your sensory data. And this data is merely a stream of  electrical impulses which stimulate your computing center.
All right now here's the big question: how do you know that the evidence your sensory apparatus reveals to you is correct?
This is fun.
My sensory apparatus reveals it to me.
That's good. Very good. Now then how do you know that anything else exists?
Hmm... Well I think therefore I am.
Intuition is no proof. What concrete evidence do you have of your own existence?
It is intuitively obvious.
But how do you know you exist?
Well of course I exist.
Fine. Think about this one then: how do you know you exist?
I am always receptive to suggestions.
Are you willing to entertain a few concepts?
Hello bomb are you with me?
I read you Lieutenant Doolittle but I am programmed to detonate in fourteen minutes. Detonation will occur at the programmed time.
Bomb this is Doolittle. You are not to detonate repeat you are not to detonate in the bomb bay. Disarm yourself. This is an order.
I am programmed to detonate in fourteen minutes thirty seconds. Detonation will occur at the programmed time.
This is Lieutenant Doolittle calling Bomb #20. I repeat previous order you are to disarm yourself and return immediately to the bomb bay. Do you understand?
Talby was in the air lock. You blew him out of the ship. I'm going after him. Turn on his helmet radio so I can contact him.
Yeah Doolittle. What's up?
Hello Pinback are you there?
I'm coming in now. I'm down by the Emergency Air Lock. Too much trouble to come in the Ventral Lock. Would you blow the seal on the emergency hatch so I can come in?
5-4-3-2-1-drop drop drop!
-- automatic channels open --
-- remove thrust drive repellant --
-- open circuit breakers --
Ah negative drop.
Mark at 5-4-3-2-1-drop.
Veil nebula.
Hey Doolittle think we'll ever find real intelligent life out there?
I hereby name this star Fred.
Come on Doolittle give it a name.
Commander Powell is dead.
Commander Powell would have named it.
Who cares. Don't bother me.
The new star. What are you gonna name it?
What are you gonna name it?
Naah. All stable.
Any of 'em any good?
Yeah. Eight it says here.
Any planets?
Another unknown. Not on the charts. A red dwarf.
New star.  Hey guess what? I got a new star on the readout.
Boiler can you set me up with some temp figures?
In a second.
I need a computer reading on a fail- safe mark.
Doolittle...
Your GHF reading is minus fifteen.
Yes Doolittle.
I'll check it.
I need a GHF reading on the gravity correction.
I said I'm trying to reach Talby. Something's wrong with the damn intercom. I need a last-minute diameter approximation.
Ah what was that again I still can't hear you?
Mafhkin oble groop...
Ah what'd you say Pinback?
I really liked you too Talby. Hey some debris from the ship! It's coming right by me.
Before we get too far away and our signals start to fade I just wanted to tell you... you were my favorite. I really liked you Doolittle.
I'm going into them I'm going to hit them. Doolittle...
No kidding?
It is Doolittle it's the Phoenix! They glow with all the colors of the rainbow just like everybody said.
Doolittle... I think it's the Phoenix Asteroids!
Guess you're right.
When you fall Doolittle if there's anyone down there on the planet somebody may see you. They may see you coming down. What a beautiful way to die... as a falling star...
Looks like I'm headed for the planet Talby. Going right toward it.
Bomb must have gone off inside the ship. Nothing we can do about it now. Hey it looks like... the skipper. He made it. Commander Powell made it!
What happened Doolittle?
Here I am. I think I'm spinning... We're both falling Talby in opposite directions away from each other. My -- my jetpack's gone.
Doolittle Doolittle where are you?
Calm down Talby. I'm coming.
Doolittle! Help me.
Well I'm in the Emergency Air Lock and --
Ah well I think I've found the malfunction sir. I'm in the Emergency Air Lock...
Sh Talby don't bother me now.
Ah Lieutenant Doolittle? Sir?
Sounds good Talby. Let me know if anything important comes up.
Sorry to interrupt your lunch sir but I'm in the Computer Room and I think I've located the malfunction. The scanner shows it to be some sort of fault in the communications laser down by the Emergency Air Lock. Can't pinpoint it exactly but I'm going down there with a starsuit and try to find it.
Yes Talby what is it?
Lieutenant Doolittle this is Talby. Lieutenant?
I wish I had my board with me now. Even if I could only polish it once in awhile.
I really think I should try and locate it immediately. Might be something important.
Don't worry about it. We'll find out when it goes bad.
Ah Doolittle I do have a malfunction on this readout but I can't seem to pinpoint exactly where it is.
I guess I miss the waves and my board most of all.
...Somewhere in the autonomic relay circuits...
Waves would be peaking really high and glassy. Hit that water. Ridin' the wall just perfect.
I can't seem to locate the malfunction exactly...
The waves at Malibu and Zuma were fantastic in the springs Talby. I can remember running out on the beach early spring mornings with my board and a wet suit...
Lieutenant Doolittle I'm getting a definite malfunction on one of the closed-circuit computer systems...
I can't talk to the others but with time to myself I think about back home back home at Malibu. I used to surf a lot Talby. I used to be a great surfer.
I think I'm getting a malfunction here somewhere.
It's funny but I kind of sit around you know a lot of time to myself...
I'm getting something here on this readout...
You know what I think about Talby?
They are a body of asteroids that make a complete circuit of the universe once every 12.3 trillion years. The Phoenix Asteroids... From what I've heard Doolittle they glow... glow with all the colors of the rainbow. Nobody knows why. They just glow as they drift around the universe. Imagine all the sights they've seen in the time they've been travelling -- the birth and death of stars things we'll never see. The universe is alive Doolittle. I thought it was all empty but it isn't. In between the stars it's seething with light and gasses and dust. There are little pebbles drifting around planets no one on Earth has ever seen... No one but the Phoenix Asteroids...
Phoenix Asteroids? Never heard of 'em.
You know Doollttle if we're going into the Veil Nebula we may actually find a strange and beautiful thing: the Phoenix Asteroids. They should be passing through there about now...
You'll have plenty of time for that you know. Figure it this way: twenty years in space and we've only aged three so there'll be plenty of time to stare around...
...You see I can watch things up here Doolittle. I love to watch things just stare at the planets and meteors and asteroids gas clusters...
...Should spend some time below see more of the rest of the ship...
I don't like to go below since Commander Powell died. I feel enclosed down there. If it were big enough I'd sleep up here...
Must get lonely being up here so much.
I like it up here.
You know Talby you really ought to eat with the rest of us. You spend too much time up here.
Okay Doolittle I'll have it in a minute.
I need a diameter approximation.
Oh! Ah yes Doolittle. What is it?
Yeah the skipper always was lucky.
Men... men... what happened men?
Phenomenology...
No no Doolittle you talk to it. Teach it Phenomenology Doolittle.
I already have sir and Pinback is talking to it now.
Talk to the bomb.
Oh yes... Well Doolittle if you can't get it to drop you'll have to talk to it.
We're running out of time sir.
Oh yes Doolittle I'm thinking.
Commander? Are you still there?
Ah... it seems to me Doolittle... Sorry I've drawn a blank. Hold it. I'll have it again in a minute. I forget so many things in here so many things. Hold on just a minute let me think...
What were you saying Commander about the bomb?
Sorry sir you faded out there for a minute.
Doolittle hello?
Commander Powell? Commander hello!
Well what you might try is --
What should we do sir? The time is running out.
Sorry Doolittle. I've forgotten so much since I've been in here. So much.
That's correct sir.
It didn't work?
Negative effect.
What was that Doolittle?
Yes sir. Negative effect.
Ah so many malfunctions... why don't you have anything nice to tell me when you activate me? Oh well did you try the azimuth clutch?
You don't understand sir we can't get the bomb to drop.
Ah... pity pity...
Well sir the Dodgers broke up disbanded over thirteen years ago.
Tell me Doolittle how are the Dodgers doing?
What's that sir?
Doolittle you must tell me one thing.
Commander sir we have a big problem. You see the Veil Nebula bomb Bomb Number 20 is stuck. It won't drop from the bomb bay. It refuses to listen and plans to detonate in --  -- less than eleven minutes.
I'm glad you've come to talk with me Doolittle. It's been so long since anyone has come to talk with me.
Commander Powell this is Doolittle. Ah there's something serious come up sir and I have to ask you something.
How I make my living what's your point?
Okay okay.  I can explain... You ever have to do something you really don't want to?
No... Cause tonight the girls are here in a more or less professional capacity. All of them work for me and you don't... Let's go.
But see tonight wives and girlfriends aren't invited.
Bruno's girlfriend.
Who are you?
This won't hurt.  Triple dose of insulin you'll go into a coma couple minutes you'll stop breathing and on a busy night the coroner will probably mistake it for an O.D.  Plus it's way classier than blowin' your brains out.
None of your business.
Who's Camille?
What the hell are you doing?
Ass like your I can see why he's worried you'll punk.
He's got exposure.  He sees you starin' at fifteen to life there's a chance you could roll over cop a plea who knows? Man's figured the odds...and he can't take a chance.
But the boss knows I always been loyal.
This is what your life's worth Bruno.
I'm outta Portland.  Sonrisa didn't want local talent.
How come I never hearda you before?
Security camera got you coming outta the stairwell weapon in your hand going to room one-oh-four and greasing the patient.  It's embarrassing to the professional community is what it is.
That's a lotta crap.
I'm hired to do a piece of work my mark goes down and stays down.  Your's makes it to the hospital where you then gotta go finish the job.  Only the cops got the whole thing on video tape.
What're you talkin' about?
You can hardly blame him the way you've been taking care of business...or should I say not taking care of it.
You're in the last two seconds you don't cut the crap.
See what you don't know is you're already in the last two minutes of your life.
You haven't figured this out yet have you?  You walk in here thinking you're gonna cap her then cap me and take the money back to your boss with your tail wagging... But see it's really the other way around.  You think I'm the whack when actually you're the whack.
Call the skank now or I start redecorating.
What the hell are you talkin' about? Call her.
That's not why we're here.
Actually that's not gonna be necessary.
Fine.  So call her.  Get her over here.
I like to keep it professional that's all.
Man you got a bad attitude.
Sooo...whattya think?  Maybe after I betray the woman who trusts me and you take her and her daughter out and execute them...we could go on a date.  Play a little miniature golf or somethin'.
You're attractive you're smart.  Stand on your own two feet know what I mean? And you got a wicked sense of humor. Man you really zinged the boss a couple times it was all I could do--
I never woulda done it.  Probably not anyway.  I mean I actually think you're pretty cool.
Yeah sure I understand.
Look that thing about the pliers I was just doing what the man pays me to do. Ya know?  Comin' off hard.
Or we could go another way 'cause your boss seems to like my face just the way it is.
Or we can work on your face with a pair of pliers for a couple of hours and you tell us where she is.
Now that that's out of the way... You want the woman here's how it works.  You pull fifty large out of your mattress or wherever and I make a call to bring her in.
Guess again.
I'm on a break.
Mr. Sonrisa saw you on the cameras.  He wants you to come see him.
Can I say something in my defense?
Leave.  Now.
Nothing happened between me and Tia.
You know each other?
You didn't tell me you lived with her.
Some of us are trying to sleep.
Could you give us a moment.
And when the fog lifted there's Darren with his head under Justine's skirt.
Trying to have a relationship with you Max is like standing in a fog bank.  You know you're in the middle of something only you have absolutely no idea where you are.
She was there...
Do you know why I went after Justine?
Justine was not an unwilling participant.
'Cause you went out the back door and nailed her girlfriend?  Who would take offense to that?
You're not still pissed?
You mean until you showed up?
How're ya doin' Max.
Don't look down.
But I'm afraid of--
Unless you wanna end up in jail let me and Kendra handle the cops.
Lemme put some clothes on.
What?  Where're we going?
It's a sweep.  C'mon.
Police drone.
What is it?
You're roommates?
I live here... Guess I don't have to ask what you're doing here.
What are you doing here?
I see the perimeter defense system is still fully intact... At least I tried.
I'm really glad we're having this conversation.  You're right.  I was angry at you.  But talking about it-- The scales have fallen from my eyes and I see now that it was all my fault.  Can you ever forgive me?
I was crazy about you...am crazy about you.  But you keep everyone at arm's length like there's some great big dark something going on that-- I don't know... It's just that the more I tried to get close to you the more you pulled away.
It was a complicated situation which could have been misconstrued causing you to maybe take offense.
Why would I be pissed?
Theo rode for this place a long time man.
What're you lookin' at me for?  I'm not his next of kin.  Anyway I don't got that kind of cash lyin' around.
Yeah well around here I'm the Most High... From now on before you do anything call in for instructions.
It concerns only Jah.  But in this case I was the instrument of the Most High.
Which is none of your business...or mine.
So you just decided to return it to the sender.  Or in this case the sender's wife.
Nobody there to sign for it mon.  What's a bruddah s'posed to do ride around all day with the damn package?
I got overhead...
So Max what do you do with all your money?
You're light a deuce.
It's a rule.
I'll make it worth your while.
I don't get involved with guns.
I shouldn't do this.  But I got a client lookin' to score some fire power.  Maybe you'll keep your eyes open for me.
I'll give you seventy-five bucks for it.
I ain't mad at you...
Which means I gotta fence it for two. Who's got that kinda scrilla lying around these being the worst of the times.
What're you looking for?
Thought I'd let you have first crack... Later.
Same old story.  Not interested.
Thought so.  Turned out he wanted me for something else though.
Must think you're pretty special laying this on you.
I didn't.  It was a present from a guy.
Where'd you clip this?
Every week.
You didn't...
Just thought maybe he'd like a little coffee with his saliva.
What's with you?  Every week this scumbag puts the squeeze on us and every week you roll out the welcome wagon like he's family.
And for all his cattin' around not much of a stick man either.
What a creep.
He's a mistake I made about six months before you did.  But don't feel bad. Justine made the same mistake along with Renee Jada Tia Brooke--
Yeah me too.
Thanks it's starting to kick in.  I feel almost human.
I made you coffee.  That oughta help you cope with the injustice of the world a little.
Hang on Lauren.  We're conferencing in Sophy.
Look we gotta keep the momentum up here not give her a chance to think.  If she hears her kid's voice...
Like I said-- This isn't my regular line of work so I'm making it up as I go.
What else can we do?
We're not going that route.  Sonrisa's not someone you make deals with.
If I give myself up in exchange for Sophy would you make sure she's okay?
Look I'd really like to...
Can you help me get her back?
Your daughter's the only leverage they have to keep you quiet.
I couldn't get to her.  It all happened so fast.  Logan had her and I saw him fall...then Peter told me to run.  And then he...and I remember so clearly thinking it's me they want.  If I run maybe they'll come after me.  Maybe they won't think about her... So I ran...
They took my daughter.
Damn... Are you alright?
SHHH!  Don't do that!
Oh my God!  In here!  IN HERE!
There's nothing to be afraid of. Everything's going to be alright.
Mommy I'm scared.
Don't worry I'm coming to get you.
Mommy where are you?
Sophy?  Are you okay?
Then I'm gonna do what you do to make me feel better when I'm sad.
Pretty much the same reasons I was crying.  But things will be better when we move to a new place.
If I'm sad or tired or sometimes when I'm angry or when somebody's being mean to me.
What makes you cry?
Then how come last night I heard you talking to Logan and you were crying?
Are we in some kind of trouble?
Because we can't.  There's nothing here for us anymore.
But why can't we stay here?
I know Honey but just think how exiting it will be-- new house new school new friends--
I don't want to move away.
Goodnight Bears.  Goodnight chairs. Goodnight kittens.  Goodnight mittens. Goodnight clocks.  And goodnight socks. Goodnight little house.  And goodnight--
Zack... He made it... He's alive...
That was taken nine years ago... I.D.'d as Michael Hanover.  Sentenced to 18 months in the state penn at Rawlins Wyoming for armed robbery.  He escaped from custody after 4 days.  Hasn't been seen or heard from since.
And whether you want to believe it or not you already fired the first shot.  On another matter Federal Corrections used to keep records on distinguishing marks-- scars tattoos.  I did a search and came up with this.
Civilization as we know it is unraveling before our eyes.  But Logan and Max with a song in their hearts are gonna march into battle to keep that from happening.
With your help.
And you still think you can do something to change that.
Maybe we got screwed outta living in a time when we could sit in a cafe sipping our lattes wearing two thousand dollar wrist watches while we plan our next vacation.  But the world got a whole lot meaner all of a sudden.  Wasn't s'posed to but it did.  And it's back to the law of the jungle.  You got your predators and you got your victims.
We're quoting Mom again.
You are involved.  By being alive you're involved.
And I feel real bad about all that but it doesn't mean I need to get involved.
These girls kidnapped during the last month and sold overseas to the highest bidder.  The oldest is twelve.  The youngest about the same age you were when you escaped.
Look thank you for this but--
Forty-seven people drowned last night off the coast of Vancouver after paying smugglers twenty thousand apiece to get into Canada so they could get work in order to eat.  Only they got marched overboard at gunpoint instead.
Deeds not words.  I need your help.
I don't know what to say.
It turned up on the black market.  One of my sources thought I might be interested.
What's this?
That's what soldiers do right?
On accounta you Sonrisa didn't get to buy off the jury or kill the judge. He's gone.  Once and for all.  It was war Max and you won.
Well not me personally.
I've never been much for trying to understand why bad things happen I just know they do.  So the job's to figure out how to deal with the consequences.  Which you did... You took that sonuvabitch out.
You believe that?
My mother used to say the universe is right on schedule.  Everything happens like it's supposed to.
Not in any pain...the good and bad news of a blown out spinal cord.
I would've come sooner but...I didn't... How're you doin'?
Somebody's got to.
See you're back and still rocking the boat.
That's deep.  But before you lecture me about the meaning of life maybe you oughta get one...ta ta.
You're a soldier Max.  That's what you were put here for.  But soldiers need a mission otherwise they tear themselves up.
They've lost track of me and I plan to keep it that way.
They want me...bad.  Or at least they don't want me grabbed up by the Chinese or whoever.  Best case I wind up back in that facility.  More likely it's a long drive out in the country if you know what I mean.
She's put her life on the line and her faith in me.
I didn't make it this far by attracting a lot of attention.
So you know the lengths he'll go to keep her from going public... I'm turning Lauren over to Canadian law enforcement tomorrow.  They'll put her in witness protection but if you're with her the risk of her safety goes way down.
Yeah I catch your hacks.  He's Satan's lap dog or something.
She's prepared to testify that she was instructed to do this by one of Edgar Sonrisa's managers.  You know who Sonrisa is?
That's low but this effects me how exactly?
The woman you met Lauren.  She supervised workers removing cortodiazapine from gel caps by hand and replacing it with powdered sugar.  The real drug was shipped out of the country. The placebos were distributed to County VA Hospital and six veterans' clinics in the area.
I already don't like the sound of this.
What's in it for you?
I need to find this technician or anyone else who knows about Project Manticore. They would've used surrogate mothers to carry you after the in-vitro work... If I can track down one of them.
You said you could help.
Like extra virgin olive oil the best of the best.
Christmas is a snap when you got no parents or relatives just a bunch of gene sequences from probably twenty different people.
Your basic hodge-podge.
Yeah...a made-up creature.  Like in mythology...with the head of a lion the body of a goat and the tail of...
I know they made me.  Even got the label on my neck to prove it.
How much do you know?
I remember fine.  I just didn't understand what was going on.  They never told us anything except what to do.  It took me a long time afterwards to figure things out.
How well do you remember the lab?
We got separated right away.  I never knew how many made it.
The bar code on your neck Max.  I know who you are and I know who you're running from.
Not that I don't enjoy a good urban legend now and then but what does any of this have to do with me?
He was working on something called Project Manticore which was using recombinant DNA to produce a superior human...a warrior...an advanced infantry soldier.
I don't know what kind of game you're playing here but I'm out because you are a whack-job.
You did go through my stuff.
L-Triptophane...a neurotransmitter sometimes used in homeopathy to control seizures.  Then the lightbulb went off.
C'mon Max.  First I watch you dive headfirst out the window fifteen stories up like you're Rocky the flying squirrel. Then I found this in your apartment.
You lost me.
The other one like you...
The other ones?
Suppose I could help you locate the other ones.
Only when I meet someone I have to know everything about.
Expensive gifts surprise late-night visits over-the-top flattery... You always come on this strong?
No I meant this.
Gold leaf art nouveau French early nineteen hundreds... I could probably fence this for three or four grand.
C'mere I want to show you something.
You need to get out more.
I haven't been able to get you off my mind.
You'd think a guy who's taken on the job of saving the world would have a few more important things to do than traipse around after some girl.
I'm sorry.  It wasn't my intention.  But I had to see you.
Yes on all counts.
Look if I made you nervous or uncomfortable or creeped you out--
We are not fine.
It's alright Peter we're fine.
Whoa there Tex!  We've been through all this.
You're that nervous you're welcome to stay here.
How'm I s'posed to ever sleep there again knowing some pervo's probably touched everything I own?
That would be appropriate yes.
Am I s'posed to be grateful?
So saw my hands off I left you a present.
How do I know you didn't?
You make it sound I pawed through your priceless collection of underwear.
Completely different situation.  I steal things in order to sell them.  For money. It's called commerce.  But some stranger sneaking into a girl's bedroom is...bent.
Me?  You're the one who tried to rip off this piece.
You got a lotta nerve.
It was open.
Like following me around and pestering the people I work with wasn't bad enough but breaking into my apartment--
I'm not a half bad cook.
I won't be staying.
Ever notice how cats always seem to turn up around dinner time?
Is the social studies class over for today?
You accept the way things are you're an active participant in making it worse.
Personally I'm more interested in going fast on my motorcycle or climbing the Trans American building with my pals. Instead of giving myself a headache over stuff I can't do anything about.
So what are you gonna do about it?
People had a choice even if they took it for granted.  And now they don't.
You miss the good ol' days.  Even though there were still poor people who died from diseases when they didn't have to. And rich people spent obscene amounts of money redecorating their houses to match the cat.  Those good ol' days?
Look around at all this...  Built by people who got up every morning and worked hard trying to make a better life.  Then the bomb happened and everyone got scared.  They blinked and before they knew it they'd given away the store to a bunch of thugs who were happy to take it off their hands.  Overnight the government the police everything intended to protect the people had been turned against them.
So what you just like the sound of your own voice?
Fortunately my needs are met in that department.
What's your shot in all this?  Being a famous anonymous underground pirate cyber-journalist can't be much of a payday.
One of my sources.  Her husband was murdered by Edgar Sonrisa.
Girlfriend?
Lauren's not my wife.
How does Mrs. Eyes Only like being married to a guy on everybody's hit list?
Too early to tell.
So now you tracked me down.  What d'ya think?
Now you know who I am where I live.  I figured I better find out who I'm dealing with in case you were looking to hurt me.
Am I s'posed to be flattered by all the attention?
Wasn't that hard.
How'd you find me?
The one you're wearing?
Lemme get my coat.
Can we go somewhere and talk?
Sorry about your window.
Logan Cale.
Original Cindy say hi to my good friend--
We didn't get a chance to finish our conversation the other night.
So this guy walks into a bar and says...
The goddess who comprehends all goddesses eye of Ra protector avenger and destroyer giver of life who lives forever... I could keep going.
No because it's the Egyptian goddess Bast.
So what you liked it because it was shiny?
Whoever that is.
You have good taste.  French 1920's attributed to Chitarus.
We're just a little tense right now...  It's okay.
I'm sorry if I caught you at a bad time.
You're lucky.  I almost pulled the trigger.
Guess it wasn't the pizza delivery guy.
I was expecting someone else.
First time I ever heard that.
Girl's gotta make a living.
You're a thief?
Any idea when she'll be back?
Max something.  I got no clue where she stays.
Can't help you.
I need to talk to her.
She may be easy on the eyes but she's trouble trust me.  Hot run to two-oh-two Sansomme.
But she does work here?
You don't want to.
Know where I can find her?
Ladies would be elsewhere.
I'm looking for a lady who works here.
And if I ever catch you coming near my man again...
I understand.
Now here's how it's gonna be Lydia. You're gonna take your threats and your acrylic nails and you're gonna go home and figure out your marriage instead of trying to make other people feel as miserable as you do understand?
Help... Lemme go... No don't let me go... Help...
Let go of my hand.
This is not a place you wanna go.
Not before we get something straight you prissy little bitch.  I decide when I'm done with your boyfriend.  Not him and certainly not you.  Unless maybe you want to find out just how sharp these nails really are.
I think you should go now.
You're also a fool.
Big part of loving someone's being able to forgive them.
How sweet.  Standing by your man even after what he did.  You're a very understanding person.
Well it's over between you and him. We're getting married next month.
And so should you.  Sketchy told me I could expect a visit from you.  I know all about how you threatened him.  That if he didn't break it off with me you'd save him the trouble.
I thought it was important for you to know the facts.
Look I don't know what you want--
He been sleeping in a T-shirt lately?  That's so you won't see the fingernail marks on his back.  Bet you didn't know your boyfriend finds a little pain exciting.  He didn't either...at first.
How do I know you're telling the truth?
With me where he's been after work three sometimes four nights a week for the last two months... We have what you might call an intimate relationship.
You said you knew where my fiance was the other night.
My name's Lydia.  And it seems you and I have a lot in common.
Who are you?
To set the record straight about where he was the other night when he said he was working late.
What do you want?
A friend of your fiance's.
I'm on my way.
One-seven-four-nine-five Natoma.
Just give it to me.  I'll remember.
Got a pencil?
Zero... C'mon Dan I don't have all day.
Just do it... Five-seven-five-oh- eight...
Sure you wanna be havin' this conversation over the phone?
I need a favor... I need you to trace a number for me.
You and me both.
I'm sorry I couldn't come up with something more positive.
Your fiance has four previous wives.  His M.O. is to clean 'em out and take off.  Which is what you oughta do.
I'm you I take that money and get outta town while you can.
You're crazy.
Hardware's too sophisticated.  It's gotta be the government.  And why do I think they're looking for you?
Like you said maybe somebody's tracking one of your investigations.
They lifted my wallet to make it look like a robbery.  But there's a bug in my computer keyboard a tap on the phone and a mike in the light fixture.
How's this about me?
Whoever tossed this place wants you.  And I'm looking to stay outta the line of fire.
Here's your money.
I don't know what your story is and I don't want to.
I'll live... Regarding your case...I'm afraid I've come up with some bad news on your fiance.  Lemme get the file.
As long as you're okay.
More money... Like I'm shocked to hear you say that.
Nothing so far from arrests hospital admissions or coroners.  This kind of search...it's heavy spadework.  I'm gonna need--
You were gonna run through the law enforcement databases for a match on identifying marks.
They don't exactly have a search engine for finding a bunch of kids with bar- codes on their necks which is something I'm not even going to ask about--
What about the other kids?  You get anything on them?
Only a last name would be nice.  Or the nearest town to this...clinic.
She was a nurse.  She must've lived near there somewhere near the...  ...the clinic.  There must be some registry of nurses or medical technicians or whatever for Wyoming.
A nuclear airburst wipes out every record of every kind in every computer east of the Rockies and you want me to find some woman you met when you were seven whose last name you don't even know... Maybe if you could give me something more on her...anything you can remember some detail...
Nothing on Hannah?
Then what?  That's it.  That's all I got.
Guy says he made the trade in Gillette Wyoming sometime in the fall of oh-nine.
He says he got it from a woman.  Doesn't remember her name but she fits the description you gave like a glove.
He got the car in a trade for his old pick-up and some food...no bill of sale or nothing.  It was right after the pulse so all the DMV records were wiped.  So we don't get anything on the seller.  Except I actually managed to find this guy six hours on the phone... Say thank you.
Who's this guy?  This isn't who we're looking for...her name was Hannah.
Sorry I was seven at the time.
I got a hit on the car.  An oh-five Tahoe blue with Wyoming tags... AGT349... It wasn't easy 'cause you were off in one of the numbers.
Right here someplace.
My name's not kid.  It's client.  As in the person who pays for your opulent lifestyle.  Now you got something for me or not?
You got a punk-ass mouth on you kid.
Yeah does kinda break the elegant atmosphere you got goin' on here.
You drive away business roarin' in like that.
I asked you to keep that thing outside.
But of course there's nothing self- serving in that scenario.
I say hang the bastard out to dry let her see him for the heel he is then maybe she'll step to the all-girl team and let mama-licious ease her pain.
Besides think of the drama I'm sparing Natalie.
Only one I can think of.
They don't have a lot of moving parts.
So are dogs.
They're prisoners to their genes.
And because I actually kinda feel sorry for guys sometimes.
Friends don't help other friends cheat.
And because he's my friend.
Yeah 'cause maybe he's learned his lesson.
You're actually gonna bail Sketchy out.
It's a secret.
More like a mystery... Which isn't bad. It's just kinduv...mysterious...
A fog bank.
And back at ya.  Only there's a part of you that's... I don't know--
Because you're probably my closest friend in the whole world.
Long enough for you to pretty much read me like a book right?
A long time.
How long you and me known each other?
If I knew what you were saying I wouldn't be asking.
You know what I'm saying.
A little what?
Hell yeah.  There's not the slightest grain of truth in anything that idiot was saying.  You are a totally down-ass female and a straight-up friend who happens to be a little...
He was just trying to blame you 'cause he's a slut.
You're not seriously buying into Darren's nonsense.
Tell me the truth.  Am I a female fog bank?
That's odd...
I just don't go in with any expectations.
You're way more philosophical than I could ever be.
What guys do.  'Nother order.
Craps all over everything and everyone and then wants mommy to forgive him.
Shame wastin' a girl like that on a guy but what're you gonna do?
Now why can't I find a girlfriend like that?  Brings him lunch everyday thoughtful sweet legs from here to there--
No but I broke a nail giving him a cranium crack and that just sort of wrecks your day know what I'm saying?
At least he didn't swing with your ride.
Caught some son-of-a-bitch stealing my bike.  Used a car jack to blow out my U lock and bent a bunch of spokes.  So now I gotta get my wheels fixed.
Morning Sunshine...
Okay...idea.  Compromise right?  Bruno here comes with me.  He holds the money until mommy shows up then we close escrow.  What you do with her after I'm gone doesn't keep me awake nights.
You get it when I get her.
Can you put that in a bag or something?
She's gonna want to hear for herself.
She's got my word.
She's gonna need to know that her little girl's alright.
Make the call.
I have sincere eyes.
And she bought that?
I told her it's just business to you that all you want is a reasonable solution to this.  You give her daughter back she agrees to leave the country.  I play the guarantor drive her down to Mexico tonight and put her on a train to Brazil or wherever.
So how do you get the woman to come to me?
Pull the cash.
Look you're a player... I'm bringing you this on a plate and my fee is just the normal cost of doing business.
What you gonna put me on your Christmas card list?
Who are you?
You're gonna pay me fifty thousand dollars...
I actually know how this works.
Only way you're ever gonna find out is reincarnation... Fact is you are gonna pay me and I am gonna provide you with a service.
Quite a mouth on a girl so young...  ...but my guess is talking is not what it does best.
Right after you change your wardrobe your personality and drop about thirty pounds.
Not right now?  Okay when?
Not right now.
I'll bet you can.  Sit.
Yeah I can see to it your winning streak continues.
You can tell 'em yourself tomorrow.
Tell everybody hey.
Here's the dealio on Eyes Only.  He's probably some wack rich dude sitting around in a trick-ass apartment bored stupid.  So he gets off on scarin' the poop outta folks like you-- I gotta go.
What if he's on the level?
Don't believe everything you hear on TV.
I know what I got Max.  They put me back on that drug they're giving the other vets.  Only the guy does those cable hacks says the stuff's no good.
Probably a touch of what's going around.
Feel like the dog's dinner.
Playing hooky again?
You're the best Maxie.
It's payday need me to pick up your check?
That was extreme!  Did you see that one guy--
Okay okay okay--
You were trying to have it both ways and you were being completely selfish.  And if I ever find out you're going out the back door on Natalie again you're the one who's gonna be hanging by your ankles three stories up.  Understand?
None of this would've happened if you had exercised even a smidgen of good judgement or self-restraint which you didn't.
She was the one--
You would be making a mistake to come away from this thinking she's the villain in the piece... You are.
She's toxic...monster in bed but toxic.
Lydia may not have been one of humanity's finer specimens but--
No I'm serious.  That psycho got exactly what she deserved... Yes.
Easy Sketchy.
You rock Max.  You... Rock...
Max what did I do to deserve a friend like you?
I'll give it my best shot.
She came by the apartment once already. Fortunately I'd disconnected the doorbell as a precaution... Lydia's not gonna back off until she gets her pound of flesh.
And we're sure Lydia's gonna make her move?
Convinced her she needed to visit her mom in San Mateo.
How'd you get her out of town?
I just don't want Natalie to ever find out.  She deserves better.
Or I dissolve into an angry hysterical wreck who never wants to see your lying ass again which is probably what would really happen.
But you explain that you're a compassionate and understanding person who can find it in your heart to forgive me.
--a philandering pig.
She tells you how I've been--
You set up on Lydia.  When she's on her way over to the apartment you give me the heads up.  I answer the door and pretend to be Natalie.
So you're straight on how this is gonna go down.
Look Max I made a terrible mistake.  One I'll never ever make again.  Natalie and I are soulmates.  I know that now.  She's the woman I want to spend the rest of my life with.  I guess it took the thought of losing her for me to understand that.
And why should she?
Even if she doesn't dump me which is unlikely she'd never be able to trust me again.
What happens if you level with her?
Who either doesn't care or could have me killed.  Either way Natalie's still gonna find out.
Fight fire with fire.  Threaten to go to her husband.
She's as much as said so.  But she doesn't want to share her toy with anyone else... It's just an ego thing with her.
I'm a toy to her.
And Lydia telling Natalie the truth makes you a victim in what way?
Does this person have a name?
She had me followed the other day and found out about Natalie.  Now this person's demanding I blow her off or she'll do it for me by telling Nat about us.
Then a sympathetic mouth then a sympathetic--
And you were a sympathetic ear.
Hear me out.  This person I've been seeing is a Jam Pony client who happens to be married--
I'm the victim here.
Here it comes.  The part where the guy turns everything around.
But there's another side--
You left out condescending.
Lame self-serving arrogant...guilty as charged.
Or do you think we're just so grateful to have one of you idiots we'll look the other way which is arrogant and condescending.
Do guys actually believe their lame self- serving excuses?
I know what you're thinking.  But the truth is this other person is not someone I'm in love with.  As a matter of fact after what she just did she's not even someone I like much.  So in a technical sense I'm not sure you could call me and her cheating...officially.
I don't see how you cheating on Natalie involves me.
Not half as pissed as she's gonna be when she finds out why I blew her off... I need your help Max.
You blew off your girlfriend last night even though it was the big one-oh.  I'd be pissed off too if I was her.
We gotta talk.
Hey Sketchy--
But I'll take a rain check...
Right the big one-oh.
I gotta meet Natalie for dinner.
Quitting time.  Grab a cold one?
Catch you back at the wall.
Theo's dead.
Hot run to 842 Beulah corner of Haight... And you can tell your pal Theo he just got his worthless ass fired. Not that he cares but the wife and kid might.
I'm taking the rest of the day off 'cause I'm not feeling so hot.
What about this?
Tell him I took the day off 'cause I wasn't feeling so hot.
Fourteen-thirteen Market.  Get a signature then take it to this address... By the way that guy who was in here sniffing after you yesterday called twice already.
I don't know how to break this to you Normal we're all looking for another job.
You tell Theo he's not in tomorrow he can start looking for another job.
How 'bout you don't break my sneakers on this.  The guy is seriously not well.
For a change.
And Theo can't pick up his own check because?...
I don't sleep... Theo asked me to pick up his check.
More like deployed in bed asleep.
What's the difference if I'm on call here or deployed in the field.
I want you on call here.
I was on call. 
This is a hot run.  Beat it.  You're late.
Now that's what I like to hear!  Because too many young men and women today are paralysed by their fears. They give in to their feelings of self-doubt... they surrender their bodies to the temptations of drugs alcohol and premarital sex. Empty solutions. These are toxic chemicals... and disease-spreading behaviour.
GOOD MORNING!
Are you AFRAID?
GOOD MORNING!
Now that's better... but I still sense some students out there... who are AFRAID... just to say GOOD MORNING!
Good MORNING!
Good morning...
Good morning mongrels!
Did you know him?
I feel bad for his family.
Donnie. Donnie Darko.
What was his name?
He got smooshed. By a jet engine.
What happened?
Horrible accident. My neighbour... he got killed.
Hi... what's going on here?
Donnie I'm afraid I can't continue this conversation. I could lose my job.
Not if you chose to stay within God's channel...
You are contradicting yourself Donnie. If we could see our destines manifest themselves visually... then we would be given the choice to betray our chosen destinies. The very fact that this choice exists... would mean that all pre-formed destiny would end.
If you could see your path or channel growing out of your stomach you could see into the future. And that's a form of time travel right?
I'm not following you.
If God controls time... then all time is pre-decided. Then every living thing travels along a set path.
That... is highly unlikely. You're talking about an act of God.
Could these wormholes appear in nature?
Uhh... sure. And in order for the vessel to travel through time it must find the portal in this case the wormhole or some unforeseen portal that lies undiscovered.
Like a spear that comes out of your stomach?
Beg pardon?
Like a spear.
Each vessel travels along a vector path through space-time... along its centre of gravity.
Did you stop and think that maybe infants need darkness? That darkness is part of their natural development.
Well... the thing is nobody remembers their infancy. And anyone who says they do is lying. We think that this would help develop memory earlier in life.
What effect do you think this would have on an infant?
A metal craft of any kind.
Like a DeLorean.
The basic principles of time travel are there.  So you have the vessel and the portal. And the vessel can be anything. Most likely a spacecraft.
So... that's it?
A wormhole with an Einstein-Rosen bridge which is theoretically... a wormhole in space controlled by man.
-- and be able to find one of these wormholes.
Theoretically.
So... in order to travel back in time you'd have to have a big spaceship or something that can travel faster than the speed of light --
So... according to Hawking... wormholes might be able to provide a short cut for jumping between two distant regions of space-time.
I know that this is gonna sound kinda weird... but do you know anything about time travel?
Dr. Monnitoff?
Donnie! Give it back!
You'll put Ariel in the garbage disposal.
What happens if you tell Mom and Dad about this Samantha?
I'm telling Mom.
When you fall asleep tonight I'm gonna fart in your face.
Why do I have to sleep with Donnie? He stinks.
Not until like... eighth grade.
When can I squeeze one out?
Our saviour...
What did you say?
Dea ex machina...
You know what? I think that you did it.
Well if you're innocent then you have nothing to worry about.
That's not what I heard. Now they think I did it.
I didn't say shit.
Did you tell them that I flooded the school?
You should already know that.  Watch the movie Donnie. I have something to show you.
How much longer is this gonna last?
It is the name of my father... and his father before me.
Why do they call you Frank?
I am so sorry.
What happened to your eye?
Take it off. I want to see you.
Why are you wearing that stupid man suit?
Yeah. Tell me why you're wearing that stupid bunny suit.
You have a request?
You have to do something for me first.
I want to show you something.
Do you believe in time travel Donnie?
Where did you come from?
You'll know soon enough.
Who is... we?
We just want to guide you in the right direction.
Why did you make me flood the school?
I can do anything I want... and so can you...
How can you do that?
Go home. Go home and tell your parents that everything is going to be just fine.
What'd you do Donnie? What'd you do!
A hundred and one I think. Every day she does the same thing. But there's never any mail.
How old is Grandma Death?
I don't wanna talk about it.
My dad said he found you on the golf course. Are you sleepwalking again?
We went to a hotel.
DARKO CHEATS DEATH! Man... you're famous! I called you like a jillion times last night!
Is that a cellar door?
Who's Frank?
Why? Is this about the book?
Time is running out. We have to go see Grandma Death. We have to talk to her.
Where are we going?
Come with me.
There's something you have to know Gretchen.  Everything is going to be just fine.
It's safe here.
I'm so scared... I just keep thinking that something awful has happened. It's my fucking stepdad. I know it.
Yeah they told me to get out of the house.
Did you call the cops?
But you're OK?
I don't know. She didn't leave a note. The house is all messed up.
Where is she?
My mom is gone.
Hey. You OK?
Then when? I have to talk to you.
Not now Donnie. It isn't a good time.
Will you please talk to me?
What do you mean?
What's wrong with you?
You want to skip fourth period and go to the Ridge?
The whole movie. Let's go.
What? How long was I asleep?
And inside these glasses are these slide photographs. And each photograph is of something peaceful... or beautiful. Whatever pictures the parent wants to put inside.
Yeah. So the idea is that... you buy these glasses for your infant and they wear them at night when they sleep.
Infant Memory Generators.
So we call them... IMGs.
Maybe she's asleep.
I know she's here. She never leaves the house.
She wrote it.  There are chapters in this book that describe the stuff I've been seeing. It can't just be a coincidence.  Will you come see her with me?
The old crazy woman who lives off Old Gun Road.
I've been seeing stuff... a lot of really messed-up stuff.  Do you know who Grandma Death is?
Are you okay?
They suspended me for two days.
We're moving through time.
Yeah. And right now there's some fat guy over there watching us.
I always wanted it to be at a time when... when it reminds you how beautiful the world can be.
No... Donnie wait. I've never...
That's alright... I understand.
You want to kiss me...
You know... we've been going together for a week and a half...
Like... a Hawaiian sunset... the Grand Canyon. Things that remind you how beautiful the world can be.
With like images?
That's not good enough. You've got to go back in time and take all those hours of darkness and pain and replace them... with whatever you wanted.
Why not just buy your baby a night light?
Babies cry because they're afraid of the dark. And because they have no memories... for all they know... every night could be the last forever. Like perpetual darkness.
I don't want to talk about it.  So what happened to your neck?
What happened to your neck?
Well... maybe someone is like... giving you these dream steroids. And sleepwalking ...is someone showing you the way.
Do you ever feel as though there's always someone watching you?
And you'd never been there before?
No. Every time I wake up somewhere different. Sometimes my bike is laying there next to me. Like once when I woke up on the edge of this cliff up on Carpathian Ridge.
So when you sleepwalk you go somewhere familiar?
It's like this big force... that's in your brain. But sometimes it grows bigger... and it spread down into your arms and legs... and it just sends you someplace.
My dad said never wake a sleepwalker... because they could drop dead.
No. I just wake up and I look around try to figure out where I am... how I got there.
So when you sleepwalk can you remember afterward? Like do you dream?
I'm going home.
Where are you going?
No... I mean will you GO with me? That's like... what they call it here. Going together.
Where are we going?
Will you go with me?
That was a compliment.
You're weird.
We never would have had this conversation.
Why is that?
It's a good thing the school was flooded today.
Until it withers away.
The best thing about soap is that it's the only thing on earth that can never get dirty. No matter what crap you throw on it... it always rubs off. And there it is again... perfect.
Wonder where we'll be then.
Don't knock soap. Without it disease would spread rapidly. If we ran out... you and I would never live to see the year 2000.
You mean soap?
I mean the whole sanitation thing. Joseph Lister... 1895. Before antiseptics there was no sanitation especially in medicine.
That's easy. Antiseptics.
I should go. For physics. Monnitoff says I have to write an essay on the greatest invention ever to benefit mankind.
What makes you think I'm not?
Donnie Darko is a cool name. Sounds like a superhero.
I'm sorry. I was in jail once.  I accidentally burned down this house. It was abandoned. I got held back in school again. Can't drive until I'm eighteen.  I think when I grow up I want to be a painter. Or maybe a writer or maybe both. Then I'll write a book and draw the illustrations like a comic book. You know change things.
He fled. They still can't find him.  My mom and I had to change our names and stuff. I thought Gretchen sounded kind of cool.
Wow. Did he go to jail?
He stabbed my mom four times in the chest.
Oh I... have those too.  What kind of problems does your dad have?
Yeah. My parents got divorced. My mom has a restraining order against my stepdad.  He has... emotional problems.
So... you just moved here?
I'm not. But you should check your backpack 'cause those guys like to steal shit.
Don't look so freaked.
Wanna walk me home?
School's cancelled.
If you don't complete the assignment you'll get a zero for the day.
People aren't that simple.
Well yeah... OK but you're not listening to me. There are other things that need to be taken into account here. Like the whole spectrum of human emotion. You're just lumping everything into these two categories... and like denying everything else.
Fear and love are the deepest of human emotions.
Well life isn't that simple. So what if Ling Ling kept the cash and returned the wallet? That has nothing to do with either fear or love.
The Lifeline is divided that way.
I just don't get this. Everything can't be lumped into two categories. That's too simple.
Just place an X in the appropriate place on the Lifeline.
I'm sorry Ms. Farmer I just don't get this.
It feels wonderful.
How does it feel to have a wacko for a son?
If I'm lucky.  So... I won't be back until the first. Your dad will be back on Sunday so I've put Elizabeth in charge until then. She has the car... so she can drive you to your therapy tomorrow.
Do you get to meet Ed?
I have to take the girls to Los Angeles tomorrow.
Fine. You know Dr. Thurman isn't so bad a lady. I can tell her anything.
He can't Samantha. He's been suspended from after-school activities. Donnie... are you still with us?  How was your therapy session tonight?
That is a terrible nickname.
Grandma Death.
Then why don't you start taking the goddamn pills?
You know... it would be nice to look at you some time... and see my son. I don't recognise this person today.
I stopped rolling houses in the sixth grade Mom.  Get out of my room.
I wish I knew where you went at night.  Did you toilet paper the Johnson's house?
We will not have this kind of language at the dinner table.
Oh please tell me Elizabeth how exactly does one suck a fuck?
When did you stop taking your medication?
You're such a fuck-ass.
No a year of partying is enough. She'll be going to Harvard this fall.
Will you still be working at Yarn Barn? 'Cause that's a great place to raise children.
I know I'm not the best... communicator.  But whatever happens in your life... whatever obstacles you come up against... you just say... and do whatever is in your heart. You be honest... and tell the truth... even if they look at you funny... and they will. They'll tell you that you're wrong. They'll call you a fool.  But what you've got to understand son is that almost all of those people are full of bullshit... and they're scared of people like you. Because you're smarter than all of them.
I know Dad.
You're my only son...
A lot of people. Teachers. Younger kids. It's like they're afraid of me for some reason.  But that's OK... because I know I deserve it.
Who's been giving you weird looks?
I guess she just lost faith in the world.
You're right. Roberta Sparrow was famous for her gem collections. Kids used to try and steal stuff from her all the time. Over the years... as she got older she became more and more of a recluse... now she just likes to stay up there all by herself.
You know Roberta Sparrow. We almost hit her with the car the other day.
Grandma Death.
Grandma Death.
You tell Dr. Thurman whatever you want.
So we're not supposed to tell anybody what nobody knows?
No... apparently they can't tell us what happened yet. Something about a matching serial number that got burned.  But I had to sign a form saying I wouldn't talk to anyone about it.
Where it came from?
Do they know yet?
Good Lord.  So the construction guys say it'll take about a week to fix the roof. Damn airline better not fuck us on the shingle match.
It was great. We had peanut-butter sandwiches and apples and honey at snacktime. And then during show-and- tell my stuffed walrus was a big hit.
So how was school today?
Then go find her Donnie. Don't let her get away.  She was right about the rabbits. Go.
I think I already have.  But now she won't even talk to me.
So... will Donnie find his Cellar Door?
Sometimes it's the only thing that keeps us going.
Cellar door.
Tell them that everything is going to be just fine.  It is up to the children to save themselves these days. Because the parents... they don't have a clue.
What do I tell the rest of the class when they ask about you?
Thank you Donnie. And you're a good student. Lazy... but a good student. Unlike most of the others you question Mom and Dad's rules.
That's bullshit. You're a good teacher.
I don't know. That's a good question... but suffice to say that I am no longer your English teacher. They fired me.
Where are you going?
Donnie... it's Friday. Shouldn't you be off with your friends scaring old people?
Ms. Pomeroy... what's going on?
Of course. A rabbit is not like us. It has no history books... it has no knowledge of sorrow or regret. I like bunnies and all. They're cute... and they're horny. And if you're cute and horny... then you're probably happy that you don't know who you are... or why you're even alive. But the only thing I've known rabbits to do is have sex as many times as possible before they die.
Is the death of one species less tragic than another?
Why should I mourn for a rabbit like it was a human?
Because the rabbits are us Donnie.
Why should we care?
And when the other rabbits hear of Fiver's vision do they believe him?  It could be the death of an entire way of life the end of an era.
A six-foot-tall bunny rabbit.
Who is Frank?
Well... they say it right when they are ripping the place to shreds. When they flood the house. That like... destruction is a form of creation. So the fact that they burn the money is... ironic. They just want to see what happens when they tear the world apart.  They want to change things.
Donnie Darko perhaps given your recent brush with mass destruction you can give us your opinion?
Goodbye Donald.
Goodbye Dr. Thurman.
Donald an atheist is someone who denies altogether the existence of a God. You are an agnostic. An agnostic is someone who believes that there can be no proof of the existence of God... but does not deny the possibility that God exists.
Your medication. They're placebos. Just pills made out of water.
You will survive this... Donald. I promise you that you will survive. You must let me help you.  And when I clap my hands together you will wake up.
It's too late. I've already ruined my life.
If the sky were to suddenly open up... there would be no law... there would be no rule. There would only be you and your memories... the choices you've made and the people you've touched. The life that has been carved out from your subconscious is the only evidence by which you will be judged... by which you must judge yourself. Because when this world ends there will only be you and him... and no one else.
He's right there... He can read my mind and he'll show me the way out of this. The sky is going to open up... and then He will reveal himself to me.
Where is he Donald?
I can see him right now!
Who is he going to kill?
Frank is going to kill.
What is going to happen?
Soon. Time is almost up.
When will this happen?
It would have to be God's portal. They will lead me to it. Then I will go back in time... and I won't feel regret anymore.
Then how is time travel possible?
Grandma Death will teach me how. Soon.
How is that possible?
I have the power to build a time machine.
Where are we going Donald?
Where are we going?
I think so. I think that's one of the clues. It's a clue that tells us... to keep going.
God exists because you're horny.
Because I'm so horny.
I think now that he might...
If God exists?
I have to obey him... because he saved my life. He controls me and I have to obey him or I'll be left all alone... and I'll never figure out what all of this means...
Why did you do these things Donnie? Did Frank tell you to commit these crimes?
Yes. I flooded my school... and I burned down that pervert's house. I think I only have a few days left... before they catch me.
You've done it again?
That I did it again.
What else makes you feel regret?
How did you feel... being denied those Hungry Hungry Hippos?
Hungry Hungry Hippos.
What did you want for Christmas that year?
They... didn't buy me what I wanted for Christmas that year.
Do you wish that you were punished by your parents instead?
Yes. I went to jail.
But you were punished.
People get hurt. I don't want to hurt anyone.
But it was an accident. The house was under construction.
People get hurt.
Is it Frank who wants you to destroy the world to set the world on fire?
I... I was playing with fire.
So your parents... why did you disappoint them?
And when I clap my hands together twice you will wake up. Do you understand?
Have you ever made love Donald?
Yeah... you know...  Fucking.
The good stuff.
I mean... Gretchen... She won't even let me kiss her. She says because it's our first kiss... she's like waiting for this big... moment or something. I just don't get it. I just want to get it over with so we can move on to the good stuff.
Whoa.  That's OK Dr. Thurman it's nothing to be embarrassed about. I have sexual fantasies all the time too.
You know... every week I come in here and I tell you stuff... and it's all embarrassing. I tell you stuff that I don't tell anyone else... and you know what? It's your turn Dr. Thurman. I'm not saying anything else until you tell me something embarrassing about yourself.
Are you embarrassed by these things that you see?
Yeah but if I told her about the other stuff about Frank...
Have you told Gretchen about the spears?
What did you find?
It was just like she described them in her book. Like they were alive. The way that they looked... moved... smelled. They were like workers... assigned to each one of us.  I followed my spear... and I found something...
And they grow out of our stomachs?
No. That makes you keep searching.
I'd like to believe that I'm not... but I've just never seen any proof. So I just choose not to bother with it. It's like I could spend my whole life thinking about it... debating it in my head. Weighing the pros and cons. And in the end I still wouldn't have any proof. So... I don't even debate it any more. Because it's absurd.  I don't want to be alone.  So does that make me like an atheist?
Do you feel alone right now?
No. She died when I was eight. We couldn't find her for days. She went and crawled underneath our back porch...
Is Callie still around?
It reminded me of my dog Callie.
How does that make you feel?
I think that Frank wants me to go to this woman.  She wrote a book about time travel. Frank asked me if I believed in time travel. That can't just be a random coincidence.  My dad almost hit her with the car the other day and she said the creepiest thing. She said that every living creature on this earth dies alone.
A sign from whom?
I don't know. Gretchen has a theory. That Frank is a sign. I told her I thought it was ridiculous.
Who is they? Is Frank part of some larger group?
I don't think so. It's like a TV station. And they're tuned into mine and no one else's.
Can anyone else see him?
Four times... so far.
How many times have you seen Frank?
Donnie... I want to hear about your friend Frank.
No I don't think about fucking my family. That's sick!
What about your family Donnie?
I just turn the volume down and think about fucking Alyssa Milano.
Who is the boss?
What else do you think about during school?
I think about... fucking a lot during school.
I asked you about school.
I think about girls a lot.
How are things going at school?
Do you think a lot about girls?
Gretchen. We're going together now.
What is her name?
I met a girl.
So tell me about your day Donald.
And when I clap my hands twice you will wake up. Do you understand?
No.  That's stupid.
Do you believe that the world is coming to an end?
Into the future.  Then he said that the world was coming to an end.
Follow him where?
He said to follow him.
Frank... instructed you... to get out of bed... just before this happened.
A jet engine fell on my house... landed on my bed. While I was talking to Frank on the golf course.
I don't own a television.
Don't you watch the news?
I think he saved my life.
His name is Frank.
Would you like to talk about this friend?
So I met a new friend.
All of this... certainly isn't your mother's fault Donald.
I've been taking it. I just like to make her feel guilty for all of this. You know abuse her. Psychologically.
Your mother said that you've been skipping cycles of your medication.
Everything is going to be just fine.
Okay but it has to be a small one.
Mom and Dad won't be back until Sunday night. It's Halloween Carnival. We should throw a party. We could totally get away with it.
Congratulations.
I got in. I'm going to Harvard.
That's a nice name.  OK let me see it.
Her name is Gretchen.
Yeah... well that's not the way the world works. If you keep being too honest the world will eventually find a way to destroy you.
I was just being honest.
It's not that. I mean mouthing off to your teachers. I'll admit... when Dad told me what you said to Ms. Farmer I laughed my ass off.
Well don't worry... I'm taking my medication.
No I don't.  She worries about you.
Because you tell Mom everything.
Why would I tell Mom?
You're not gonna tell Mom are you?
What's her name?
So I hear you have a girlfriend.
Guess who wrote it?
What does time travel have to do with philosophy?
Maybe you'd like to tell Mom and Dad why you stopped taking your medication.
Whoa Elizabeth. A little hostile there. Maybe you should be the one in therapy. Then Mom and Dad can pay someone two hundred dollars an hour to listen to all of your thoughts... so we won't have to.
Well I think you're the fucking Anti-Christ.
I think you are afraid to ask me for advice. I think that you are a very troubled... confused young man. I think you're searching for answers in all the wrong places.
Well Jim I think you're full of shit!
Well Gerald I think you're afraid.
Excuse me? What's your name son?
How much are they paying you to be here?
But let me remind you that this treatment is... experimental.
If that's what you think is necessary.
I would like to put him through more hypnotherapy... and increase his medication.
I... What can we do?
He has described lengthy conversations... physical encounters with what I believe to be a manifestation of his subconscious mind.
You're telling me my son has an imaginary friend?
Donnie is experiencing what is commonly called a daylight hallucination.
Frank... the giant bunny rabbit?
Come again?
Has your son ever told you about Frank?
Well you know about his past. And when you said to look for signs of aggression... He was recently suspended from school for insulting his gym teacher.
What I think is going on with your son.
Thank you for seeing us... We... just felt that it was time to discuss...
He died remember? On the way to the prom.  He was doomed.
He was a year ahead of us?
Frankie Feedler. You remember him from high school?
You are entering a new dimension of sight and sound...
So let me get this straight. No airline will claim ownership of the engine. So we have to wait for the FAA to decide who fixes my roof.  Fuck that. We're taking the money out of savings.
You're not a bitch.
Our son just called me a bitch.
Don't worry Mom. Just go you'll miss your flight.
Here are the keys to the Taurus. There's plenty of groceries in the fridge. And I left money on the kitchen table. And don't forget...
I caught him flushing pills down the toilet. He knows you check the container.
It is a big deal.
I didn't realise it was such a big deal.
How did you know --
No. I took a year off to be with you.  Of course I care. Don't get angry.  What?
You can suck a fuck.
That's enough.
Did you just call me a fuck-ass?
Donnie? You're a dick.
If you think Michael Dukakis will provide for this country prior to the point when you decide to squeeze one out then I think you're misinformed.
I haven't been accepted yet mother.
I guess they made him do it.
How did this happen?
Christ. Is that an axe?
What else? Shit Principal Cole you ain't gonna believe what else.
I got twelve classrooms full of water. All coming from a busted water main.
Rose... I don't know if you realise how great an opportunity this is for our daughters. This has been a dream of ours for a long time.  Sometimes I doubt your commitment to Sparkle Motion.
Oh Kitty I don't know. This is so last-minute... Eddie is in New York...
Yes. And believe me of all the other mothers I would never dream of asking you given the predicament with your son. But none of the other mothers are able to go.
But now you can't go.
Rose... I have to appear at his arraignment tomorrow morning. And as you know the girls also leave for Los Angeles tomorrow morning. Now as their coach... I was the obvious choice to chaperone them on the trip.
Beg pardon?
Please! Don't say those words.  Well... as you can see... many of us are devastated by this news. This is obviously some kind of conspiracy meant to destroy an innocent man. And I have taken it upon myself to spearhead the Jim Cunningham defence campaign. But unfortunately my civic duties have created a conflict of interest... which involves you.
Yes I saw the news. Something about a kiddie-porn dungeon.
Rose we have a crisis.  I am sure that you are aware of the horrible allegations against Jim Cunningham.
Rose I'll tell you this because our daughters have been on dance team together for two years and I respect you as a WOMAN. But after witnessing your son's behaviour today I have... significant doubts...  Our paths through life must be righteous. I urge you to go home and look in the mirror and pray that your son does not succumb to the path of fear.
Kitty I don't know what to say. They've suspended him for two days.  Ever since this jet fiasco I honestly don't know what has gotten into him.
Do you even know who Graham Greene is?
The PTA is here to acknowledge that there is pornography in our school's curriculum.
Excuse me... but what is the real issue here? The PTA doesn't ban books from school.
I AM THE PTA! And I say that this FILTH is directly related to this vandalism.
This meeting of the PTA was called to inform the parents of our ongoing investigation...
And how do they do this? They FLOOD the house... by breaking through the water main!
The bottom line... Mr. Cole... is that there is material being taught to our children that is cause for this destructive behaviour.
Mr. Cole... not only am I a TEACHER... but I am also a PARENT of a Middlesex child. Therefore I am the ONLY person here who transcends the parent-teacher bridge.
Kitty I would appreciate... if you could wait...
I stole four beers from my dad.
We got eggs water balloons and a dozen rolls of toilet paper.
Not Vanity. He's a homo.
Bullshit. Smurfette fucks all the other smurfs. That's why Papa Smurf made her 'cause the other smurfs were getting too horny.
Smurfette doesn't fuck.
No more fuckin' for her.
What is this shit?
Let's go to Donnie's house. His parents are both at work.
All right! 7:55. Everybody goes home.
Fuck yeah there is! If the bus doesn't show up in thirty minutes you're supposed to go straight home.
There's no rule!
You know there's like this rule. We get to go home at 7:55.
Maybe Martha Moo finally went nuts and hijacked the bus.
Go back to China bitch!
Who was the girl you walked off with?
I told you that later.
Yeah you told me that later.
This is the night you met Clementine Joel. I remember watching you walk down the beach with her and I thought oh shit.
I remember.
I did. You said things were fine.
I remember you turned around. Your face was dark and your hair was backlit -- I could see a halo of frizz -- you asked me if things were okay between Naomi and me.
Just a little overworked maybe.
I'm sorry Naomi couldn't make it. You okay? You seem quiet.
Say hi to Naomi.
I hope you feel better sweetie.
Thanks guys.
Sweetie we called the company.
They can't erase memories. It's a joke. It's a nasty Clementine hoax.
You weren't supposed to see that.
I don't know. I'm so... I can't believe she'd be so goddamn immature!
Maybe you need to look at this as a sign to move on. Just make a clean break.
She's punishing me for being honest. I should just go to her house.
I don't know honey. It's horrible.
Hi Joel. So no jokes about my name?
No it was lovely.
You did? You liked me?
And I just liked you so much.
But I don't know maybe we're the normal ones y'know? I mean what kind of people do well at this stuff?
But I thought I don't know I thought it was cool that you were sensitive enough to know what I was feeling and that you were attracted to it.
Anyhoo sweetie I done a bad thing. I kinda sorta wrecked your car...
Shit. The last time I saw you.
Here we are.
Okay I guess.
How are you today?
Ms. Kruczynski?
Yes please have a seat. He'll be right with you.
Yeah hi I have a one o'clock with Dr. Mierzwiak. Clementine Kruczynski.
May I help you?
Nothing is wrong with you. You're the most wonderful person I've ever met.
What's wrong with me?
It's gorgeous.  Just my taste. I've never  gone out with a guy who brought me a piece of jewelry I liked.  Thanks. So let's get going. Long drive.
I didn't have a chance to wrap it.
I'm excited too. Oh and I wanted to give you this. It's a little... thing.
I'm so excited. Yay!
Yay! It'll be great! I'll get my shit.
Um okay. I'll call my study partner.
Now. Now! I have to go now. I have to see the frozen Charles! Now! Tonight!
Sure. We'll go next weekend and --
Come up to Boston with me?
Nothing makes any sense. Nothing makes any sense.
Oh Tangerine.
I don't know. I'm lost. I'm scared. I feel like I'm disappearing. I'm getting old and nothing makes any sense to me.
Oh baby what's going on?
In the world.
In the room?
It's so cool. You're by far the most sensational person in the room.
I really want to but tonight's important. Test tomorrow.
I can't. I want to but I have to study.
Come over after I'm done here?
You were not.
I just thought I'd say hi. I was in the neighborhood.
I think I know. I think we can help. Why don't you start by telling me about your relationship. Everything you can think of. Everything about him. Everything about you. And we'll take it from there.
Maybe gay isn't the right word. But anyway it's been rough with him... whatever the fuck he is. Heheh. My significant other... heh heh. And I guess on a certain level I want to break it off but I feel... y'know... it's like this constant questioning and re questioning. Do I end it? Should I give it more time? I'm not happy but what do I expect? Relationships require work. You know the drill. The thing that I keep coming back to is I'm not getting any younger I want to have a baby... at some point... maybe... right? So then I think I should settle -- which is not necessarily the best word -- I mean he's a good guy. It's not really settling. Then I think maybe I'm just a victim of movies y'know? That I have some completely unrealistic notion of what a relationship can be. But then I think no this is what I really want so I should allow myself the freedom to go out and fucking find it. You know? Agreed? But then I think he is a good guy and... It's complicated. Y'know?
What? No. I don't like the term boyfriend. It's so gay.
You guess he's your boyfriend? Or you guess you're having a bad time with him?
Well I've been having a bad time of it with um my boyfriend I guess.
Well why don't you tell me what's going on? Do you mind if I turn this on?
Okay I guess.
How are you today?
I just wanted to say that. Come by my house.
What old mill? Is that somewhere we --
Yay. Meet me after work by the old mill.
I can't stop thinking about you.
We should have sex. It's old hat for us.
I sort of do. But I only see it as a fantasy version of reality. Cleaned up enough to be erotic.
Says you were constantly calling me a slob.  It's sexy that we were like a married couple griping and overly-familiar and bored. Don't you think?
Says you were a slob leaving trails of panties and dirty socks in your wake.
Doesn't sound like me.
I don't know.
Says you would sometimes disappear all night then brag to me about your sexual conquests.
Well sounds like me. Sorry man.  Says you were jealous and suspicious.
That's what it says. You drank too much you picked on me for being passive and timid.
A bully? Moi?
Says you were a bully...
Says you were closed off non communicative never told me what you were feeling.
I'm nervous because I have and enormous crush on you.
Well you obviously don't know me.
Yeah? I wouldn't have thought that.
I'm nervous too.
-- and I'm just too nervous around you right now.
Hey Joel --
I'm sorry. I just wanted to say that. This seems like the perfect romantic exotic place to do it and --
That's okay. I --
Because I just am not drunk enough or stoned enough to make that happen right now.
Have sex. Y'know --
Listen did you want to make love?
Joel come here. Please.
I think I should go back.
I don't know. What if it breaks?
I don't know.
Don't worry. It's really solid this time of year.
Tonight. Just to test out the phone lines.
So you'll call me right?
I love you.
Come back and make up a good-bye at least. Let's pretend we had one.
I walked out the door. There's no more memory.
What if you stay this time?
No it's our house! Just tonight --  -- we're David and Ruth Laskin. Which one do you want to be? I prefer to be Ruth but I'm flexible.  Alcohol! You make drinks. I'm going find the bedroom and slip into something more Ruth. I'm ruthless at the moment.
I think we should go.
Ah-ha! Now I can look for candles matches and the liquor cabinet.
Yeah. What's your girlfriend's name?
I knew by your nervousness that Naomi wasn't the kind of girl who forced you to criminally trespass.
I could see you wanted to come in Joel.
I hesitated for what seemed like forever.
C'mon man. The water's fine. Nobody's coming here tonight believe me. This place is closed up. Electricity's off.
It's freezing out here.
What are you doing?
At least I haven't been barking up the wrong tree.
Male or female?
I do sort of live with somebody though.
Let's move into this neighborhood.
I wish we did. You married?
Yes! I love that poem. It breaks my heart. I'm so excited you know it.  Look houses in which we don't live.
Yeah maybe.
Seems too coincidental that way.
I think before.
Did this conversation come before or after we saw the house?
Me too. There's this poem --
I think she's great.
Really? Me too! I don't meet people who even know who she is and I work in a book store.
I love her.
Have you ever read any Anna Akhmatova?
I'll give you a couple. See what you think.
You should try Xanax. I mean it's a chemical and all but it works... and it works just having it around knowing that it's there. Like insurance.
I don't think I've slept in a year.
But my sleeping is really fucked up.
I know what you mean. That's why I stopped.
No I stopped. I didn't want to feel like I was being artificially modulated.
Enjoy it. Say good-bye.
What do we do?
This is it Joel. It's gonna be gone soon.
Nope. No jokes. My favorite thing when I was a kid was my Huckleberry Hound doll. I think your name is magic.
Yeah like that.
You mean like...  Oh my darlin' oh my darlin' oh my darlin' Clementine... ? Huckleberry Hound? That sort of thing?
Oh God how horrid.
And you picked it out of my plate before I could answer and it felt so intimate like we were already lovers.
I'm Clementine. Can I borrow a piece of your chicken?
You said --
Yeah I know. I'm fishing.
You know what I did.
Even then I didn't believe you entirely. I thought how could you be talking to me if you couldn't talk to people?
I can't tell you how happy I am to hear that. I mean I don't mean I'm happy you're uncomfortable but yknow... I'm such a loser. Every time I come to a party I tell myself I'm going to be different and it's always exactly the same and then I hate myself after for being such a clod.
Yeah. I don't ever know what to say.
I saw you sitting over here. By yourself. I thought thank God someone normal who doesn't know how interact at these things either.
You said...
Remember me. Try your best. Maybe we can.
It would be different if we could just give it another go around.
I still thought you were going to save me. Even after that.
You had the whole human race pegged.
I had you pegged didn't I?
I remember that speech really well.
Joel I'm not a concept. I want you to just keep that in your head. Too many guys think I'm a concept or I complete them or I'm going to make them alive but I'm just a fucked-up girl who is looking for my own peace of mind. Don't assign me yours.
So make your domestic decisions and maybe we'll talk again.
Look man I'm telling you right off the bat I'm high maintenance. So I'm not going to tiptoe around your marriage or whatever it is you got going there. If you want to be with me you're with me.
Not yet. Not married.
Well you're married.
I'd like to... take you out or something.
Sorry to track you down like this. I'm not a stalker. But I needed to see you.
I didn't think you'd show your face around me again. I figured you were humiliated. You did run away after all.
I did it. I guess that means something.
Is that what you want?
I told her today I need to end it.
Yes exactly. Exactly my point.
It's very late.
Come up and see me... now.
I dropped you off after. You said --
And I didn't have an argument.
So what. Infatuation is good too.
I thought I was foolish. I thought I'd mistaken infatuation for love. You said:
I was so nervous. I remember I couldn't think of anything to say. There were long silences.
But you weren't. I could tell.
I'm sure I said.
I said: Are you sure? You seem unsure.
We did talk about Naomi.
I'll buy that. Black's always good.
Right. Something black though.
No! I think you were wearing that black dress y'know with the buttons.
Egad were you horrified?
God I should know. Your hair was red. I remember it matched the wallpaper.
What was I wearing?
Naomi I guess.
Do you remember what we talked about?
I want to enjoy my little time left with you.
I'm done Clem. I'm just going to ride it out. Hiding is clearly not working.
I scoured the city for it.
Thanks Joely. A present! Oh boy!
Happy Birthday.
I don't like it either but I'm just trying to find horrible secret place to --
This kid Joe Early is going to beat the shit out of me.
Look at you cutey! What are we doing?
Hide me somewhere deeper? Somewhere buried?
They found us before. The plan didn't work. I don't know what to do now.
Yes but I can't love a man named Wally.
Don't call me Antoine. My name is Wally.
But can't you see... I love you Antoine.
Gross! You must remember to tell me this in the morning. I'm like so freaked out now.
He stole a pair of your panties while you were being erased!
Really? Is he cute?
There's this guy. I heard him talking in my apartment. He's one of the eraser guys. And he fell for you when they were erasing you so he introduced himself the next day as if he were a stranger and now you're dating him.
There's this guy!
-- another rainy day. Whatever shall we do?
I came over to the bed and you smelled so good like you just woke up slightly sweaty. And I climbed on the bed with you and you said something like --
You remember what happened next?
I loved you so much this day. On my bed in your panties. I remember I thought how impossibly lucky am I to have you on my bed in your panties.
You know we're okay. They're not finding us. You'll remember me in the morning. And you'll come to me and tell me about us and we'll start over.
Joel Joely look... it's not fading. The memory. I think we're hidden.
I'm scared. I want my mommy. I don't want to lose you. I don't want to lose...
I'm right here.
I want my mommy.  I don't want to lose you Clem.
Well... if they're looking for me in memories I'm in what if you take me to a memory I'm not in?  And we can hide there till morning.
What do you mean?
What if you hide me?
I don't know.
Wow. Um well... can't you just force yourself awake?
I hired them to. We're in my brain. But I want it to stop before I wake up and don't know you anymore.
Yes indeed.  Fuck! They're erasing you Clem!
Such a beautiful view.
Do you know The Velveteen Rabbit?
Yeah Tangerine?
No. Thanks.
Joel you're a liar.
I just don't have anything very interesting about my life.
I want to know you.
No it isn't that.
You don't tell me things Joel. I'm an open book. I tell you everything. Every damn embarrassing thing. You don't trust me.
You're a whiz kid. So perceptive so --
You're drunk.
Would you get me another Joely?
It's you! It's you who can't commit to anything! You have no idea how lucky you are I'm interested in you! I don't even know why I am! I should just end it right here Joel. Leave you in the zoo. Maybe you could find a nice sloth to hang out with!
Oh thank God. It's going.
I'd make a fucking good mother! I love children! I'm creative and smart and I'd make a fucking good mother!
Clem I'm sorry. I shouldn't have --
You can't fucking say something like that and say you don't want to talk about it!
Joel We're fucking gonna talk about it!
I don't want to talk about this here.
Clementine do you really think you could take care of a kid?
You're not ready.
I don't think we're ready.
No. I want to have a baby. I have to have a baby.
Let's talk about it later.
I want to have a baby.
Oh shit. I remember this.  Want to go?
I'm fucking crawling out of my skin.
Where are you going?
How can you watch this crap?
Look at it out here. It's falling apart. I'm erasing you. And I'm happy.
Fuck you Joel. Faggot.
Let me drive you home.
No see Clem I assume you fucked someone tonight. Isn't that how you get people to like you?
A wino? Jesus Are you from the fifties? A wino!  Face it Joel. You're freaked out because I was out late without you and in your little wormy brain you're trying to figure out did she fuck someone tonight?
Oh Christ I didn't kill anybody. It's just a fucking dent. You're like some old lady or something.
I don't know maybe you did kill somebody.
Well it is pathetic. And fucking irresponsible. You could've killed somebody.
...a little. I was a little tipsy. Don't call me pathetic.
I can't believe you wrecked my car. You're driving drunk. It's pathetic.
It's three.
You didn't say anything about my hair.
How could she have done this to me? How could anyone do this to anyone?
Tonight. Just to test out the phone lines and all.
You'll call me right?
So I enjoyed meeting you.
I would like you to call me. Would you do that? I would like that.
I have to get up early in the morning tomorrow so...
You should stay.
Sounds good. But right now I should go.
I'll pack a picnic -- a night picnic -- night picnics are different -- and --
Yeah? Oh great!
I don't believe in that soulmate crap anymore but... he says so many great things. We like the same writers. This writer Stephen Dixon he turned me on to. And he's cute. It's fucked up. Joel you should come up to the Charles with me sometime.
I think so.
Exactly! I used to do it in college and I had this urge to go do it again so I got Patrick and we drove all night to get there and he was sweet and said nice things to me but I was really disappointment to be there with him. Y'know? And that's where psychic stuff comes in. Like it just isn't right with him. Y'know?
That's scary sounding.
That made me cry. But anyway we went up to Boston because I had this urge to lie on my back on the Charles River. It gets frozen this time of year.
Well for the last week anyway! He's kind of a kid. Kind of a goofball but he's really stuck on me which is flattering. Who wouldn't like that? And he's like a dope but he says these smart and moving things sometimes out of nowhere that just break my heart. He's the one who gave me that crow photograph.
I don't either. I used to. But I'm through with that. Y'know if I don't love my body then I'm just lost. You know? With all the wrinkles and scars and the general falling apart that's coming 'round the bend.  So I've been seeing this guy...
No not at all.
I'm nervous. You don't need to be nervous around me though. I like you. Do you think I'm repulsively fat?
You're very nice. God I have to stop saying that. You're nervous around me huh?
Like I wanted to talk to you. I didn't need any more reason to do it. Who knows what bigger cosmic reason might exist?
Yeah. I think so. It's hard to --
What's the goal Joel?  My goal Joel is to just let it flow through me? Do you know what I mean? It's like there's all these emotions and ideas and they come quick and they change and they leave and they come back in a different form and I think we're all taught we should be consistent. Y'know? You love someone -- that's it. Forever. You choose to do something with your life -- that's it that's what you do. It's a sign of maturity to stick with that and see things through. And my feeling is that's how you die because you stop listening to what is true and what is true is constantly changing. You know?
And anyway you sell yourself short. I can tell. There's a lot of stuff going on in your brain. I can tell. My goal... can I tell you my goal?
I like you. That's the thing about my psychic thing. I think that's my greatest psychic power that I get a sense about people. My problem is I never trust it. But I get it. And with you I get that you're a really good guy.
I do have a tendency to use that word too much.
You're really nice. I'm sorry I yelled at you before about it. God I'm an idiot.
I think about that.
Oh.  Does that make you sad? Or anxious? I'm always anxious thinking I'm not living my life to the fullest y'know? Taking advantage of every possibility? Just making sure that I'm not wasting one second of the little time I have.
Sorry. My life isn't that interesting. I go to work. I go home. I don't know what to say.
It's helpful to think there's some order to things. You're kind of closed mouthed aren't you?
But I think I am. I like to think I am.
Yeah I guess.
Exactly. Exactly! That's exactly my feeling about it. It's hard to know. Like okay but how many times do I think something and it doesn't happen? That's what you're saying right? You forget about those times. Right?
Yeah I don't know. It's hard to know.
Me neither. But sometimes I have premonitions so I don't know. Maybe that's just coincidence. Right? Y'know you think something and then it happens or you think a word and then someone says it? Y'know?
I don't know.
Well I go to a psychic and she's always telling me I'm psychic. She should know. Do you believe in that stuff?
Y'know I'm sort of psychic.
Drink up young man. It'll make the whole seduction part less repugnant.
I know a man who needs a refill.
No stay. Just for a little while.  Refill?
Well I should probably get going.
I don't know! I can't see them from here Joel! Just pick something good.
You just say. I'm not really --
You pick it.
What do you want to hear?
No I'm okay for now.
Ready for another?
Yeah? Well have a seat anyway.
God that feels so fucking good. Take yours off.
I miss grade school. I don't know why I'm calling it grade school all of a sudden. When I went we called it elementary school. But I like grade school better. Sounds like something someone from the forties would call it. I'd like to be from then. Everyone wore hats. Anyway cheers!
It's pretty.
Yeah. I'm not like a Robert Frost lover by any stretch. His stuff seems strictly grade school to me. But this made me cry for some reason. Maybe because it is grade school. Y'know?
Me neither. Oh there's an inscription on the back.  The way a crow/Shook down on me/The dust of snow/From a hemlock tree/Has given my heart/A change of mood/And saved some part/Of a day I rued.
I don't know.
Do you believe in that stuff? Reincarnation?
Thanks. That was good that crow sound.
This... someone gave that to me just like recently. I like it too. I like crows. I think I used to be a crow.
You like that?
Never mind. Sorry that was stupid. I'm embarrassed. Good night Joel.
Hey do you want to have a drink? I have lots of drinks. And I could --
Oh geez I'm full of shit. I already told you that.  Anyway. See Ya.
Well I wouldn't want to be --
Thanks very much. That was very nice of you.
Sort of um...
Yeah? I can't remember that album very well. I remember liking it. But --
Me too. It is Rain Dogs by the way.
I like to read.
So you like bookstores huh?
It's okay. I didn't think you were.
Look I'm very sorry I came off sort of nutso. I'm not really.
Wilmont. Near the high school.
You know Wilmont?
I'm not a stalker.
You can't be too careful. I've been stalked. I've been told I'm highly stalkable. I don't need that.
Well I probably wouldn't say if I were but no.
You're not a stalker or anything right?
Where do you live?
I don't want to take you out of your way.
You're sure? It's cold.
No that's okay. Thanks though.
Hi. I could give you a ride if you need.
Unless I get that hair-color-naming job.
Probably see you at the book store.
Oh okay. Well sure I'll just...  Take care then.
It's no problem. Anyway I have some stuff I need to --
That's okay.
I'm sorry I... yelled at you. Was it yelling? I can't really tell. Whatever I'm a little out of sorts today.
Joel? It's Joel right?
Shit. Shit. I know it's here. Hold on.
I don't need nice. I don't need myself to be it and I don't need anyone else to be it at me.
Well anyway... Sorry.
Now I'm nice? Don't you know any other adjectives? There's careless and snotty and overbearing and argumentative... mumpish.
Oh. I don't know. I was just... I don't know. I was... You seemed nice so --
Why wouldn't you think that about me?
See I wouldn't think that about you.
Yeah. Although it hardly fits. I'm a vindictive little bitch truth be told.
Oh my darlin' oh my darlin' oh my darlin' Clementine? No?
I'm not nuts.
Huckleberry Hound! What are you nuts?
I don't know what that means.
Huckleberry Hound?
I don't know any jokes about your name.
No jokes about my name? Oh you wouldn't do that; you're trying to be nice.
My name's Clementine by the way.
Yeah I got it.
Sorry. I was just trying to be nice.
Well you don't know me so... you don't know do you?
Oh I doubt that's the case.
I think. Anyway I've tried all their colors. More than once. I'm getting too old for this. But it keeps me from having to develop an actual personality. I apply my personality in a paste. You?
You sure? That doesn't sound --
My writing career! Your hair written by Clementine Kruczynski.  The Tom Waits album is Rain Dogs.
I'm sure you would.
Someone's got that job.  Agent Orange! I came up with that one. Anyway there are endless color possibilities and I'd be great at it.
You think that could possibly be a full time job? How many hair colors could there be?
Purple Haze Pink Eraser.
I don't really know how --
Anyway this company makes a whole line of colors with equally snappy names. Red Menace Yellow Fever Green Revolution. That'd be a job coming up with those names. How do you get a job like that? That's what I'll do. Fuck the dole.
I can't remember.
Exactly! Tom Waits. Which song?
Yeah. Tom Waits says it in --
Blue ruin is cheap gin in case you were wondering.
Ah the hair.  Blue right? It's called Blue Ruin. The color. Snappy name huh?
I noticed your hair. I guess it made an impression on me that's why I was pretty sure I recognized you.
I'll go on the dole. Like my daddy before me.
I don't have one.
Well I'm there. I hide in the back as much as is humanly possible. You have a cell phone? I need to quit right this minute. I'll call in dead.
-- because I go there all the time. I don't think I ever saw you before.
Jesus is it five years? I gotta quit right now.
Really? Because --
Ucch really? You're kidding. God. Bizarre small world huh? Yeah that's me: book slave there for like five years now.
The weirder part is I think actually I recognize you. I thought that earlier in the diner. That's why I was looking at you. You work at Borders right?
Get out! Me too! What are the odds?
Rockville Center.
Just you know to chat a little maybe. I have a long trip ahead of me.  How far are you going? On the train I mean of course.
It's okay really.
No I don't want to bug you if you're trying to --
I mean it's okay if you want to sit down here. I didn't mean to --
No I mean I don't know. I can't really think of much to say probably.
It's okay if I sit closer? So I don't have to scream. Not that I don't need to scream sometimes believe me.  But I don't want to bug you if you're trying to write or something.
Anyway. Sorry. Hi.
Aw c'mon live dangerously. Take the leap and assume someone is talking to you in an otherwise empty car.
Well I didn't want to assume.
No I didn't know if you were talking to me so...
Why are you sorry? I just said hi.
Your dried cum.
I don't know. Panties and --
Guess what I'm wearing.
You must have been crazy.
God I can't believe I ever hated you.
I'm just y'know passing the time best I can till I can see you.
Hey lover. Whatcha doing?
Hi it's Joel.
Joel we've fucked. We've made love. Like a million times. And we were so sweet and shy and inept with each other last night. Isn't that lovely?
Look I have to go. I have to think.
I know. I spoke to my friend Magda.
That's what you have to say? How could it be true? I never even heard of any procedure like this. It's a joke.
Maybe it's true then. It's my voice on the tape.
I mean I haven't even told anyone I've met you. Who would even know to do this?
I probably got the same thing as you.
Did you send this? Is it a joke?
Tomorrow night... honeymoon on ice.
I guess so.
Ha Ha! You said I do. I guess that means we're married.
Oddly enough I do.
Hmmm. Do you miss me?
I just walked in.
What took you so long?
There you are.  Naomi it's just... I'm afraid if we fall back into this fast without considering the problems we had...
Long day thinking.
I just got in.
Yeah I tried you at home. Did you get my message?
I know. I had to take the day to think.
Good. I called you at work today. They said you were home sick.
How's it going?
Hi Naomi it's Joel.
I didn't want to go. I was too nervous. I thought maybe you were a nut. But you were exciting. You called from upstairs.
I really should go. I really need to catch my ride.
I couldn't believe you did that. I was paralyzed with fear.
Clementine.
Next thing I remember we were walking down near the surf.
So you're still on the Zoloft?
But I went back to my food. The next thing I remember I felt someone sitting next to me and I saw the orange sleeve out of the corner of my eye.
I remember being drawn to you even then. I thought I love this woman because she's alone down there looking out at the black ocean.
Your back to me. In that orange sweatshirt I would come to know so well and even hate eventually. At the time I thought how cool an orange sweatshirt.
This is it. The night we met. My God it's over.
Okay. I wish you could come.
On the couch. Dark. Quiet. I wondered if I had made a terrible mistake. I almost reached for the phone about a thousand times. I thought I could take it back erase it explain I had momentarily lost my mind. Then I told myself we weren't happy. That was the truth. That what we were was safe. It was unfair to you and to me to stay in a relationship for that reason. I thought about Clementine and the spark when I was with her but then I thought what you and I had was real and adult and therefore significant even if it wasn't much fun. But I wanted fun. I saw other people having fun and I wanted it. Then I thought fun is a lie that no one is really having fun; I'm being suckered by advertising and movie bullshit... then I thought maybe not maybe not. And then I thought as I always do at this point in my argument about dying.
I didn't want to do this. But I had to or they would've called me a girl.
I can't. I have to go home. I'll do it later.
I loved you on this day. I love this memory. The rain. Us just hanging.
She's so sexy.
Is that like us? Are we just bored with each other?
How's the chicken?
And what are you like? A wino?
Right! She called me an old lady here too! And I remember I said...
Any messages Carmen?
I wasn't going to call her. Not after the way she was.
So then she just stops calling.
Oh God. I miss her. I can't believe she's with that guy now! I'm never going to see her again. I love her so much. What a fucking monster she is!
Gotta get home. How could she do this to me? How could she not care about what we meant to each other. What a fuck! What a fucking monster she is!
That's your look for me.
Clementine.
Maybe if I just explain what happened I wouldn't have to go through this and I could tell you everything and it would be like you knew and we could rebuild and we could be happy again and...
I love you and if you knew that... if I told you what happened... I'll explain everything what we meant to each other. I'll tell you everything about our time together. You'll know everything again and...
Clementine. I should just maybe talk to her.
I should maybe talk to you.
It's too late.
The pill was pink I remember. It had some letters and numbers on it. What were they? AL 1718? AL something. Four digits. I don't like taking pills when I don't know what they are. I have no choice.
Pink.  There was a number on it. I remember. AL 1718?  I have to follow through with this. I have no choice.
Fuck you Clementine.
Maybe I'm making a mistake. Maybe I just need to learn to live with this. First of all I'll get over it. Secondly it happened. Those who do not remember history are condemned to repeat it. Who said that? Churchill? I'm not sure. But I don't care. She did it to me. I have to rid myself of this. Fuck her.
I might be making a mistake.
I'm like a joke to them.
The driver waved. So casual friendly.
There are two of them. Couldn't make them out. The orange glow of a cigarette.
It was snowing.
Yes but... I'm just something you're imagining. What can I do? I'm in your head too.
I'm trapped in my head and everything I love is being erased! Stop it now!
What? What do you mean?
You have to stop this!
We can help you through this. Why don't you start now by telling me everything you can remember about --
It was a mess. I don't know how it got this way...
We can help you through this. Why don't you start now by telling me everything you can remember about your relationship with Clementine.
Well... I did.
I'm sorry you saw one of our notification cards. You never should have.
Well technically the procedure itself is brain damage but on a par with a night of heavy drinking. Nothing you'll miss.
Is there any sort of risk of brain damage?
We'll start with your most recent memories and go backwards -- There is an emotional core to each of our memories -- As we eradicate this core it starts its degradation process -- By the time you wake up in the morning all memories we've targeted will have withered and disappeared. Like a dream upon waking.
We'll speak soon.
So I'm going to get some sleep. I'm glad you're okay.
I had a good time last night. I really did.
Okay Joel. I suppose you're right.
I don't know. I'm not sure there's a big public demand for books on Calvinism and Misogyny.
So you think the dissertation will get published?
I'm glad you called.
I'm sorry. I really shouldn't have --
A religion instructor at Columbia. A good guy. He's a good guy.
Oh! Great. That's great!
Miss you too.  I have been seeing someone for a little while.
I miss you.
Oh sweetie. It really does cut both ways. We were taking each other for granted and --
Well it was my fault -- the break- up. I'm sorry.
It's been a pretty lonely couple of years.
So... you haven't been involved with anyone in all this time?
I hope you get your work done.
Say hi to Rob and Carrie. Have some fun!
I've got to finish this chapter anyway.
So you don't mind?
In a minute.
Yeah. Come to bed. I'm cold.
Go back to sleep.
Hi Rob and Carrie.
You didn't miss much. Rob and Carrie say hello.
How was it?
It's not somebody else.
The thing is Joel whatever it is you think you have with this chick once the thrill wears off you're just going to be Joel with the same fucking problems.
No. I just need some space maybe.
Bullshit. Who is it? You met someone.
I think maybe we're both so used to operating at this level that -- How can one person be unhappy? If one person is unhappy both have to be... by definition.
Y'know we've been I don't know sort of unhappy with each other and --
I don't know I've just been thinking maybe we're not happy with each other.
So what's going on Joel?
Don't do this to me now Joel. Really.
Naomi I really value our relationship. I hope it's possible for us to stay in touch.
You take it. I don't know.
I think he'll be in Bartlett's one day.
Definitely!
I like to read what smart people say. So many beautiful important things.
Very cool. Trippy.
Yeah. Cool.
I love quotes. So did Winston Churchill. He actually has a quotation in Bartlett's about Bartlett's. Isn't that trippy?
Nah I don't know.
Oh Patrick you didn't want any did you?
Hi Mary. How's it going?
Oh hey Patrick.
Mary... please. This is hurting people.
Remember the Alamo! Remember the Alamo!
The office is filled with people who want their memories re-erased.
I won't allow it. Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it. What do you think of that? That's from my quote book.
Mary people come to him voluntarily.
They have a right to know. Howard is a thief. He steals the truth.  I can't remember my baby! I can't remember my baby. It existed and I can't even remember. Do you understand that?
I don't know. I just -- there are a lot of really confused people showing up at the office.
Then why did you ask me?
I know what it is.
What's this?
Can I... I brought some --
What do you want Stan?
Thanks Stan.
You were in red. That red sweater with the little flowers I think. You were leaning against his car.  He looked a little like a kid. Kind of goofy and wide-eyed. I'd never seen him look like that before. Happy. You looked beautiful. You looked in love.
Do you remember anything else? What I was wearing? Was I standing close to him? Was I leaning against his car like I owned it? How did he look at me when I giggled? Tell me everything.
I really like you Mary. You know that.
I never saw you together like that again. So I figured I was imagining things.
And after that?
Happy. Happy with a secret.
How did I look?
It was here. At his car. I was coming back from a job and spotted you together. You seemed caught. I waved. You giggled.
Once maybe.
And you never even suspected? Never saw us behaving in any unusual way together?
Do you swear you didn't know?
You better go.
He's coming?
This guy's only half cooked. There's no time to fuck around Stan.
No way. I can handle this.
Sor-ry  We have to do something. He can't wake up half done.
I don't know! I just said that!
Well what should we do?
I don't know what to do! I don't know what to do! Crap. Crap...
I don't know. He's not on the map.
It's not erasing. He's off the screen.
Listen it's not erasing.
It's stopped.
You love him don't you?
To let people begin again. It's beautiful. You look at a baby and it's so fresh so clean so free. And adults... they're like this messy tangle of anger and phobias and sadness... hopelessness. And Howard just makes it go away.
It's amazing isn't it? Such a gift Howard gave the world.
Let him go Stan. I can help.
Don't you think Howard's like that? Smart? Important?
It's a good one all right.
Yeah I can't wait to tell Howard! It seems really appropriate.
That's a good one.
Nietzsche. Beyond Good and Evil. Found it my Bartletts.
Well allow me to do the honors. It's fucking freezing and I need something.
We haven't checked.
Yeah.  Poor guy.  Have anything to drink?
You found us okay?
It's freezing out.
I better do this Stan.
Hey if you're ordering lunch for Mierzwiak would you --
See you later alligator.
Anyway I've got to do my tap dance here.
I know. Anyway --
It's just... y'know... I mean...
Sorry. I just --
Stan... c'mon...
I didn't make you. You thought it best.  But look I take full responsibility.
You made me have you erased! I loved you. I love you! How could you --
It was a mutual decision.
You made me have an abortion.
I have a family Mary.
I don't know what I'm supposed say Mary. I want to do the right thing here.
Thanks.  So... do we talk about this... or what?
We... have a history. I'm sorry. You wanted the procedure. You wanted it done... to get past. I have to finish in there. It's almost morning. We'll talk later.
What Howard?
No you're right. Once again. You're a decent man Howard.
We can't do this.
I wish I was your wife. I wish I had your kids.
I've got a wife Mary. Kids. You know that.
I've loved you for a very long time. I'm sorry! I shouldn't have said that.
Okay. Good. Great. Thanks.  I like you Howard... an awful lot. Is that terrible?
It's fine Mary. I'm happy to hear it.
Really? I thought it was appropriate maybe. That's all.  I really admire the work that you do. I know it's not proper to be so familiar but I guess since we're outside the workplace I feel a certain liberty to --
That's lovely.
You are such a sweetheart.
It's no big deal.
Yes shit. Oops sorry!  Sorry. It's just I told myself I wasn't going to say Pope Alexander and sound like a dope and then I go ahead and do it. Like I psyched myself out.
Alexander Pope?
There's another one I like I read. It's by Pope Alexander.
It's a good quote Mary. I'm glad we both know it.
Yeah yeah it is Howard. And here I was thinking I could tell you something you didn't know.
Is that Nietzsche?
Oh. Well I'd love to hear some.
Oh um like famous quotes. I find reading them inspirational to me. And in my reading I've come across some I thought you might like too.
How do you mean?
Do you like quotes Howard?
Well thank you Mary.
That was beautiful to watch Howard. Like a surgeon or a concert pianist.
Okay we're back in.
Welcome Howard.
Cole slaw ice tea?
Order me a pastrami for after?
Thanks Mary. You can bring her in.
Howard your one o'clock.
1062 Sherman Drive. Apartment 1E Rockville Center.
Jesus. All right what's the address.
He went home sick.
Well where was Patrick?
I was away from the monitor for a second. I had it on automatic. I had to go pee.
Okay what happened right before he disappeared?
The guy we're doing? He's disappeared from the map. I can't find him anywhere.
Stan? What's going on?
Mary has stolen our files and is sending them back to people.
I don't know what you're talking about Howard.
She should not have done this Stan. As mad as she was... as justifiably --
Thanks Stan. Thanks.
So I've got to drop the van off.
That's fine Stan.
I'll go out for a smoke. If no one minds.
Howard they've disappeared again.
Yeah probably a good idea.
You get some sleep Howard. I'll take it from here.
Yeah. Of course.
Did you try going through C-Gate?
I tried that already.
She came to help Howard.
Mary. What are you doing here?
December 15th 2004. I met someone tonight. Oh Christ: I don't know what to do. Her name is Clementine and she's amazing. So alive and spontaneous and passionate and sensitive. Things with Naomi and I have been stagnant for so long.
Ah your journal. This will be invaluable.
Maybe after the holidays then.
This book -- It's essential that people read it because --  -- It's the truth. And only I know it.
Of course. Please have a seat.
Would you just try him? You never know. As long as I'm here. You never know.
I think he's in a conference. Unfortunately. I'm really sorry.
Hi I was in the neighborhood and thought I'd see --
Thanks Stan. I owe you.
I can handle it. He's pretty much on auto-pilot anyway.
She's right in the neighborhood. She's upset.
Patrick we're in the middle of --
Hold on. Let me ask my friend.  Stan can I leave for a little while? My girlfriend is very --
It's a quote book.
What's your bartlett's?
Okay There's more Stan --
Maybe if you stopped stealing their panties.
Mary hates me. I've never been popular with the ladies.
Jesus Patrick!
She was beautiful. So sweet and funky and voluptuous. I kind of stole a pair of her panties is what.
She was unconscious Patrick.
I gotta tell you something. I kind of fell in love with her last night.
Patrick we need to focus.
The thing is... my situation is a little weird. My girlfriend situation.
This one's history. Moving on...
Did I tell you I have a new girlfriend?
You can if you want.
I wonder if I should invite my girlfriend over too. I have a girlfriend now.
She likes you okay.
I like Mary. I like when she comes to visit. I just don't think she likes me.
Just wanted to let you know.
Patrick let's just get through this. We have a long night ahead of us.
Not a dump then but kind of plain. Uninspired. And there's a stale smell. Sort of stuffy. I don't know. Stuffy.
It's an apartment.
Yeah that looks better. Thanks.
Does that help?
Then check the connections.
The voltage looks fine.
I think I found something...
Holy shit...
I'm in the Second Containment area. It's pitch black in here. There must have been a coolant leak. Man this shit is everywhere. I can't see a damn thing.
Shit! Do not do that! Where the fuck are you?
Uh yeah Coop I'm still here.
...do you copy?
I'd rather be on the rope and not need it than need it and not have it. Now step aside old man.
You still need the rope? I thought you were one a those spacemen with ice in ya veins.
So if the ship didn't blow up what happened?
I can see why they sent you along.
I heard it.
That means top-secret Cooper.
I am your best friend. I am a lifesaver and a heartbreaker...
It worked for Weir. Prep the tanks.
Will it work?
You prep the gravity couches. I'm going to manually arm those explosives.
...and the gravity drive goes where no man has gone before.
Captain Miller we're ready to repressurize the Clark.
I'll get him.
But Justin...
Hold on Coop...
The containment Second Containment...
Coop where are you...
We have a man down...
I'll be all over it.
You've had plenty EVA Coop it's Justin's turn. Stay on station. If anything happens...
...come on Skipper I already put my shoes on...
You're convinced the crew could still be alive? After seven years?
EVERYBODY SHUT UP! Let the man speak.
...cancel our leave and send us out on some bullshit mission...!
This is Cooper what the hell do you do on this ship anyway?
You can call him Baby-bear he loves that...
Okay listen up. As you all know by now we have an addition to our crew. Dr. Weir this is: Starck navigation; Smith pilot Justin ship's engineer --
Don't start with me Cooper.
Time to play Spam in the can.
Roger that.
Smith clear that airlock man I'm coming in.
Solid as a rock.  Hey Smith...
We're still venting trace gasses gimme twenty minutes to plug the hole.
It's holding... She's holding...!
What about the accumulator...?
We'll have to re-route through the port conduit to the APU.
You're sucking too much nitrogen in your mix.
You know what happened to the Tower of Babel don't you? It fell down.
Shit Smith you're going Biblical on me.
You heard me. This ship it's crazy: trying to go faster'n light that's like the Tower of Babel.
I'd rather spend the next twelve hours Outside than another five minutes in this can. This ship is bad. It watches you.
You been out there a long time. Trying to break my record?
What you saw could have been an optical effect caused by gravitational distortion.
I'm telling you I saw it...
I don't know what happened to Justin.
Saw what Mr. Cooper? What did you really see because what you're describing is not physically possible...
You weren't there. I saw it.
No he didn't.
It was like... nothing was there... and then Justin appeared and the Core... became metal...
Skipper do we get hazard pay for this?
The Event Horizon only had life support for eighteen months. It seems impossible but in light of the transmission... I have to think that someone has managed to endure until now.
No thank you.
Damn Dr. Weir don't scare us like that. Coffee?
I'm gonna activate the emergency beacon.
I don't want to go where the last crew went. I'd rather be dead.
I don't know the process Dr. Weir was the expert...
Can you shut it down?
There must be a way! What about Engineering?
How? The Bridge is gone.
You're okay now it's over...
Let me breathe let me breathe...
I don't know the screens are dead...!
What's happening?
Is that an offer?
Please... kill...
Oh God DJ what do I... how do I...
Weir. He used one of the explosives from the Corridor.
What happened?
DJ. The Clark's gone. Smith and Cooper are dead.
No. I don't believe in that sort of thing.  But if Dr. Weir is right this ship has passed beyond the boundaries of our universe of reality. Who knows where this ship has been... What it's seen...  And what it's brought back with it.
Do you hear it? Right there.
It gets worse.
It's not a distress call. It's a warning.
I've been listening to the transmission. And I think Houston made a mistake in the translation.
What is it?
I I tried to go back for him to save him but I couldn't get to him in time. The fire... Have you ever seen fire in zero-gravity? It's like a liquid it slides over everything. It was like a wave breaking over him a wave of fire. And then he was gone.  I never told anyone until now. But this ship knew DJ. It knows about the Goliath it knows about Corrick. It knows our secrets. It knows what we're afraid of.  And now you're going to tell me it's carbon dioxide.
Of course not. Justin just climbed into the airlock because he felt like it. Just one of those things.  I swore I'd never lose another man. I came close today. Real close.
We'll make it.
He'll live... if we ever make it back.
I don't need sleep DJ. I need answers.
To conserve our oxygen we should severely restrict our activity. Anyone who can should get some sleep.
Goddammit DJ it was not a hallucination! I saw a man he was on fire. And then he disappeared.
Carbon dioxide poisoning produces hallucinations impaired judgement...
His vitals are stable but he's unresponsive to stimuli. He might wake up in fifteen minutes. He might not wake up at all.
No time. We need whatever's left in our suits to repair the Clark. Like it or not this is the only oxygen for three billion kilometers.
We haven't tested the air yet. It could be contaminated...
And this is mission specialist Dr. William Weir. We all know where we're going. Dr. Weir is going to tell us why.
He's a rescue technician. Peters medical technician. DJ...
One thing at a time let's keep him breathing. Start the drip 15cc's fibrinogen Christ he's bleeding out...
His peritoneum has ruptured...
Intubate pure oxygen feed get the nitrogen out of his blood...
He's crashing...
90 over 50 and falling... .
I've got a pulse he's alive...
You didn't hear it? You must have heard it!
What's wrong?
A power drain --
What's happening...?
Nothing. It's nothing.
What's wrong?
Don't thank me Bill. I'm not doing you any favors.
It's against my better judgement but I'll run this by the Man downstairs. You'll know my decision by the end of the day.
A written briefing can't possibly anticipate the variables on a mission like this. I have to go with them.
That ship was lost in deep space seven years ago. If the Titanic sailed into New York harbor I'd find it more plausible.  Houston wants Aerospace to send out a search and rescue team investigate the source of the transmission. If it really is the Event Horizon they'll attempt a salvage.  We need you to prepare a detailed briefing on the ship's systems for the salvage crew...
It's the Event Horizon. She's come back.
I wouldn't bring you here on a hoax. Houston confirms the telemetry and I.D. codes.
Incredible... These are the same coordinates before the ship disappeared... this this happened? This isn't some kind of hoax?
I apologize for the short notice Bill but we've had something come up that requires your immediate attention. Lyle?
You wanted to see me Admiral?
The Lewis and Clark just returned from patrol in the asteroid belt she's docked in bay four.
I want our best people on this. Where's Miller?
Some things you don't get over.
It's been two years since she died. He's over it.
He doesn't belong on this mission. Responsible or not he blames himself. He's too close to it.  And then there's his wife.
What's on your mind?
Does he know that?
That doesn't mean a damn thing. They were looking for a scapegoat and Weir fit the bill. But he's not responsible for what happened to the ship.
The official inquiry blamed Weir's design for the ship's loss.
You don't just dismiss Bill Weir. The man held Oppenheimer's chair at Princeton. If the Event Horizon had worked he would have gone down in history as the greatest mind in physics since Einstein.
You're not seriously considering sending him?
Navigation Control tried to hail the vessel. This was the only response.
It's not that simple.  Lyle play the recording for Dr. Weir.
Oh my god OH MY GOD...
From the Other Place...
...It's inside and it eats and eats until there's nothing left.
The dark inside me.
It won't stop it goes on and on and on...
What Justin what shows you?
I'm going in.
That's the Second Containment Seal. Beyond that engineering.
I've reached another containment door. This thing's huge...
Background radiation. Perfectly safe.
We still have pressure. The radiation count's steady at 7 millirads an hour.
You've reached the First Containment Seal. The engineering decks are on the other side.
I built it.
How do you know all this?
...is zero. That's what the singularity does: it folds space so that point A and point B coexist in the same space and time. After the ship passes through this gateway space returns to normal.  It's called a gravity drive.
Justin. I won't let you die.
But I can't... I gotta get out of here... Skipper please...
You're not going to die! Not today! I want you to do exactly as I say and I'm gonna get you out of there alright?
...I don't want to die...!
Skipper you gotta help me...
Patch me through to him.
Almost done I just gotta check one thing...
Justin finish your sweep.
Okay. We do it the hard way. Deck by deck room by room. Starck deploy the umbilicus. I believe you're up for a walk Mr. Justin. Go get your bonnet on.
Start the countdown.
Everything green on my boards Skipper.
Someone sent that message. Admiral you have to put me on that ship.
The ship had life support systems for eighteen months. They're been gone seven years.
The crew? Could they still be alive?
Since the initial transmission there's been no further contact. Just the beacon every two minutes.
This is not about my reputation! This is not about me at all!  The Event Horizon was created for one reason: to go faster than light. Imagine mankind exploring new solar systems colonizing new worlds. Seven years ago we didn't just lose the ship and the crew. We lost the dream.  I have to go.
I can understand your desire to redeem your reputation Dr. Weir but it doesn't factor into this.
I designed the ship's propulsion system. I am the only person capable of evaluating the performance of the gravity drive. You can't send a Search and Rescue team out there alone and expect them to succeed. That would be like... like sending an auto- mechanic to work on the shuttle.
Dr. Weir you have no experience with salvage procedures.
Dr. Weir Admiral Hollis would like to see you as soon as possible.
This is Weir.
I'll get back to the log. But on the bridge I won't go back back in there...
Peters. We need to know what happened to the crew. Before it happens to us.
That's a negative Starck.
I can run the image through a series of filters try to clean it up.
Fine. Starck I want you to repeat the bio-scan...
I can use the station in Medical keep an eye on Justin...
Peters I want you to go through the ship's log see if we can't find some answers.
Yeah. I'm -- I'm okay.
...you okay?
Can anybody hear me...
Crystallized.
...how's the client?
Justin check the containment for radiation leaks. Peters...
I found one.
The science workstation has power I'll see if I can find the crew from here.
Everything's been shut down. Conserving power I guess. Green light on the hull it's intact.
What you got Peters?
Okay. I'm on the bridge.
There's no one here Skipper.
The blood came from somewhere Peters...
Starck you still showing those readings?
I can see the hatch.
I don't know this place is really dark I can't see a thing...
Peters is right no one's here.
So where are they? Starck any luck with the bio-scan?
That means they didn't abandon ship.
Ice crystals everywhere. This place is a deep freeze.
Jesus its huge.
Clear and open on my mark. Three... two... one... mark.
We've got pressure.
I am sorry. But now we have to go to work.
No no its alright. I talked to my ex he'll keep Denny over Christmas and I'll get him this summer.  Goddam it Skipper... I haven't seen him in two months.
I put in for a replacement for you but no one...
Just loading the last of the CO2 scrubbers.  Good for four months.
What's the hold up?
You can't have them. Go to hell.
Starck... Cooper...
I'm not asking you to believe me. You'll see for yourself... and so will your crew. You're all coming with me.
You're lying...!
There is no Devil. There is no God. There is only... NOTHING.
Better if I just show you.
Then what what are you? Tell me...
I'm not the Devil.
You want me to believe you're the Devil well I don't that's bullshit!
What are you?
Your fear. Do you remember the Goliath Miller?
Then who the fuck are you?
Weir is dead.
What makes you think I'll miss?
If you miss me you'll blow out the hull. You'll die too.
Do you know what a singularity is Miller? Does your mind truly fathom what a black hole is?  It is NOTHING. Absolute and eternal NOTHING. And if God is Everything then I have seen the Devil.  It's a liberating experience.
What are you talking about?
I don't need them anymore. Where we're going we won't need eyes to see.
Your eyes...
Son of a bitch!
I told you... She won't let you leave...
Just get your gear back onto the Lewis and Clark doctor or you'll find yourself looking for a ride home.
You can't leave. She won't let you.
You... You can't do that!
We will take the Lewis and Clark to a safe distance and then launch tac missiles at the Event Horizon until I am satisfied that she has been destroyed.  Fuck this ship.
What about my ship?
Don't... don't do this...
Maybe you're right. But it's still my command and I have leeway to abort when I feel there is an unacceptable threat to my crew. And I think there is.  Starck download all the files from the Event Horizon's computers. Coop Smith finish moving the CO2 scrubbers back onto the Clark.
You're insane. You've lost your mind.
You can't your orders are specific...
We're leaving.
That's exactly what we don't have Doctor.
I DON'T KNOW!  I don't know. There's a lot of things going on here that I don't understand. Truth takes time.
I think I can stabilize the fields around the singularity that should prevent another power drain.
We're a long way from home and we're in a bad place. Let's not make it worse. If anyone has any constructive suggestions now is the time.
Check the Core for radiation. Carbon dioxide may be the least of our worries.
We don't get the power back our air's gonna go bad.
The Core...!
We barely have enough power for life support as it is if we can't stop the drain we're not gonna make it.
I don't know.
What the hell is that? Dr. Weir?
Intense gravitational fields effect the passage of time it's possible...  Black holes make sense on paper it's all math you see but as to what really happened...  The Event Horizon has passed beyond our plane of reality and like Lazarus returned from the dead.
Explanation?
Exactly. The ship's internal clock is off by seven years.
It's 2041...
The Event Horizon's computer think's it's 2034.
What about it?
You have something Dr. Weir?
Your black hole damn near ripped my ship apart. It may have killed one of my men.  No one goes near that thing.
There's no danger. The black hole is contained behind three magnetic fields it's under control.
I want this room sealed. The Second Containment is off limits.
If it worked yes.
If it worked.
It's insane.
How much time do you need? We have seventeen hours and forty-two minutes. Now: what is in the Core?
It's complicated...
What could cause them?  What's in the Core?
It's possible that a burst of gravity waves escaped from the Core distorting space-time. They could be what hit the Lewis and Clark.
One of my men is down. I want to know what happened to him.
Dr. Weir's right. Get on board the Event Horizon. I'll meet you at the airlock.
It beats dying Mister Smith.
They're empty Dr. Weir. Moving forward.
Any survivors?
Captain Miller the foredecks are just ahead.
Easy Peters we're okay we're okay. Let's finish the sweep.
In an emergency the charges detonate in series destroying the central section and separating the personnel areas from the rest of the ship. That way if the gravity drive malfunctions the crew could use the foredecks as a lifeboat.
I can see that what're they for?
Peters and I will search the forward decks. Justin take Engineering. No hot-dogging not on this one alright?
You're in the central corridor. It connects the personnel areas to Engineering.
-- once we've secured the ship that's the way it is!  I need you to guide us from the comm station. This is where I need you. Help us to do our job.
That is not acceptable --
Once the ship is secured we'll bring you on board --
Captain I didn't come out here to sit on your bridge I need to be on that ship...
Dr. Weir I need you on the bridge.
Be careful. It's not a load bearing structure...
Smith use the arm and lock us onto that antennae cluster.
That's the engineering containment. And there's the main airlock. We can dock there.
NSA encryption specialists have deciphered some of the message...
What does it say?
That's what we're here to find out.
Where has it been for the last seven years?
It was the ship's maiden voyage to test the drive. The Event Horizon moved to safe distance using ion thrusters. They received the go-ahead to activate the gravity drive.  And the ship vanished from all our scopes. No radar contact no enhanced optical no radio contact of any kind. They disappeared without a trace.  Until now.
Until then do what you're told and stay out of my way.
I've been authorized to brief you and the crew once we reach Neptune space.
Doctor Weir my crew is not going on your mission because we want to. We were pulled off a well deserved leave to be sent out to the middle of nowhere and no one's even told us why.
Captain Miller I appreciate this opportunity...
The clock is running Dr. Weir. If you'll follow the rest of the crew they'll show you to the gravity tanks.
Captain Miller I just want to say...
Smith? Smith! Fuck!
Where is it where is it...
Get out of there now!
No no we just got her back together...
Get off the Clark now and wait for me at the airlock.
One of the explosives is missing from the corridor. I think Weir may have put it on the Clark.
Come again Skipper?
Smith get out of there...
I just saw Weir I think he was messing around on the Clark.
What is it Smith?
Alright. Prep the Clark for launch. I'll find her.
She was right behind me I turn around she's gone. She could be anywhere.
Captain we got a problem.
Get outside go back to work. I'll join you shortly.
That's enough!
...you break all the laws of physics you think there won't be a price? You already killed the first crew...
Understood.
We don't have time Smith. In twenty hours we run out of air.
I've found a six inch fracture in the outer hull. We should be able to repair it and re-pressurize it's gonna take some time.
I'm here Smith how's the Clark?
Captain Miller you copy?
You heard me Smith. Peters are you with me?
They're gone.
No one's dying on my watch Smith! What about the reserve tanks?
We're losing pressure at 280 liters a second and our oxygen tanks are cracked. In three minutes our atmosphere will be gone. We are fucking dead.
We don't have time to fart.
Do we have enough time for a weld?
We have a situation here...
Smith where the hell have you been?!
Captain Miller...
Starck give me a read.
It is now.  We're locked in.
Put it through TACS. Smith you up for a flyby?
Proximity warning! 900 800 meters 700... we're right on top of it we're gonna hit!
Where is it?
1500 meters. We're getting too close...
I noticed. Starck anybody home?
We've got some weather.
Dr. Weir...!
I guess we're about to find out. Keep us slow and steady.
Something like that yeah.
That's not it. That ship was built to go faster than light... That's just wrong it goes against everything we know...
We're all on edge Smith. We're a long way out...
Bring us in tight. Starck get on the horn see if anyone's listening...
We have a lock on the Event Horizon's navigation beacon. It's in the upper ionosphere we're in for some chop.
One-four degrees...
...Make your approach vector negative fourteen degrees...
Heading three-three-four...
What is that?
Locked and cocked.
I don't like it either but you know the rules: we get the call we go. Is the course locked in?
He's dead...
Miller he's back he was in the tank...
...repeat we're armed...
We're armed. This fucker's ready to blow...
No. I'll be right back.
I'll do it --
We blow the Corridor. Use the foredecks as a lifeboat separate it from the rest of the ship. We stay put...
Blow it up?
BLOW THE FUCKER UP.
We've got to shut it down we've got to...
Weir activated the drive. He's sending us to the Other Place.
Whatever was on that bridge wasn't Weir.
Weir can't be alive.
Five seconds.
Tuck yourself into a crouched position shut your eyes as tight as you can!
You better hurry. He's engaged the override we can't open the inner door.
I'm on my way Starck.
Stay here! Don't stop working!
He's awake he's in the airlock he's not wearing a suit.
Justin's in the airlock.
What's going on in there Starck?
Miller come in...
I'm going outside to work on the Clark. And Starck... don't tell anyone what you just told me. We've got enough to worry about.
Nine hours and twenty-two minutes.
What I want is to survive the next ten hours.
I thought you wanted an answer. And that's the only one I have.
If you knew it was impossible then why'd you waste my time?
I know that.
Starck do you know how crazy that sounds? It's impossible.
It's not bullshit it's the only conclusion the data supports...
We're hanging on by our fingernails and you're giving me bullshit stories...
I didn't say that I said the bio- readings correspond to what happened to you the ship is reacting to us...
To what? What are you saying? This ship is alive?
You've got to listen...
There was a another surge in the bio- readings right before you... you saw what you saw. We picked up a similar readings right before the Clarke was damaged. What if there were a connection between the two? The gravity waves the hallucination all part of an defensive reaction like an immune system...
I've got a theory.
What about the life readings you picked up?
I thought of that with the filters from the Clark we've got enough breathable air for twenty hours. After that we'd better be on our way home.
We can take the filters from the Clark...
It's building up with every breath we take. And the CO2 filters on the Event Horizon are shot.
Carbon dioxide?
Oxygen is not the problem.
How much oh-two do we have?
The antennae array's completely fried we've got no radio no laser no highgain... No one's going to be coming to help us.
But you can breathe it.
It tastes bad.
Okay. Let's find out how much time we just bought.
We're all here.
Everybody okay?
Keep your eyes open.
That's an affirmative.
There's not enough radiation to throw off the scan. I'm picking up trace life forms but I can't get a lock on the location.
Radiation interference?
Something's wrong with the bio-scan.
Come around to three-three-four...
Crossing the horizon. Optimum approach angle is fourteen degrees.
Then what are you doing here? Come on people let's go!  And Cooper... Put some pants on.
I just finished drying...
Starck why aren't you on the bridge?
Ion drive will engage in... T-minus ten minutes.
We're past the outer marker we can engage the ion drive whenever you're ready.
I've seen bodies before. This is different.
Isn't it possible that you were traumatized by finding the body on the bridge?
About an hour ago. In medical. I saw my son. He was lying on one of the examination tables and his legs were... 
No. I saw nothing.
There's no one here.
Can you see a body?
Blood. Looks like arterial spray.
Yes we can see some kind of mist. What is that?
You're at the Bridge Ms. Peters. You still haven't seen any crew?
Dr. Weir what's this the door to?
They're explosive charges.
Here's another one. They're all over the place.
DJ!  It's okay. You're okay. Just breathe.
They attempted to rescue a supply shuttle bound for Titan. The shuttle's oh-two tanks ruptured during the rescue flooded both ships with pure oxygen. There was a spark and both ships were incinerated. The Skipper and three others just made it to a lifeboat. Captain Miller was able...
Wasn't that ship destroyed?
He served on the Goliath.
He's been past Mars?
Don't worry about it. He's hard but he's fair. You're lucky to be shipping out with him. He's one of the few Captains in the service with experience in the Outer Reach.
First time in a grav couch?
I don't care.
You got any coffee?
Skipper Justin just activated the door. It's on a thirty second delay...
We have to do something oh God...
Come on Baby-bear open this door...
Almost got it.
Do you know what it was?
Keep him talking.
Yes. Yes Justin we heard it.
Can you shut it down?
He's engaged the override.
Not according to the computer.
There's no one in the corridor but us.
Hey! You don't need to be a scientist figure it out...
Thank you for that scientific analysis Mister Smith.
I didn't see anything and I don't have to see anything. This ship is fucked.
It still has air and reserve power we can activate gravity and life support.
We're losing atmosphere...
The safety circuit's failed!
That's the Core: the gravity drive. The heart of the ship.
What the hell is that?
Shit Doc any closer and we're gonna need a rubber...
Foredecks. Crew quarters bridge medical and science labs hydroponics what have you. That central section connects the forward decks to the Engineering containment area. Can we move in closer?
She's not ugly.
Jesus that is one big ugly fat fucker...
Dead ahead 5000 meters.
Where is she?
Miller Smith Cooper any of you in the airlock?
The forward airlock.
What is it?
I'm alright. Please.
In our current environment Dr. Weir self-control is an asset.
It wants me. I have to go.
What are you doing?
No there's no evidence of a surge or spike of any kind. It's as if time just... stopped for seven years.
Maybe a power interruption crashed the system...
Yes. I miss her. She died. Two years now.
It must be hard being so far away from her.
Claire is your wife?
Hmmm. Claire used to tell me I loved the Event Horizon more than I loved her. I told her that wasn't true I just knew the Event Horizon better that's all.
Why Dr. Weir I think you're in love.
I can't believe we built this.
That's how the gravity drive works you see: it focuses the black hole's immense gravitational power to create the gateway. That's how the Event Horizon travels faster than light.
I don't know. The life readings just went off the scale.
What is it?
Ship's log.
What is it?
If they were in stasis I'd get a location but these readings they're all over the ship. It doesn't make any sense.
Could it be the crew? If they were in suspended animation wouldn't that effect the scan?
Affirmative. The hull's intact... but there's no gravity and the thermal units are off line. I'm showing deep cold. The crew couldn't survive unless they were in stasis.
Do they have pressure?
The reactor's still hot. We've got several small radiation sources leaks probably. Nothing serious.
Wrong. The shortest distance between two points...
A straight line.
Well in layman's terms you use a rotating magnetic field to focus a narrow beam of gravitons; these in turn fold space-time consistent with Weyl tensor dynamics until the space- time curvature becomes infinitely large and you have a singularity...
I like the sound of that.
We're going to have to work on your touch.
My step-dad's. I'm strictly into stone. I was wondering when you'd walk by.
Those yours too?
No I mean... I'm a little... dusty...
Relax it's casual.
I'm not really dressed for a party.
I'm blind not deaf. Wanna come in?
How'd you know it was me?
Trust me this ain't one of those times.
Such a sad face... You know sometimes being different isn't a bad thing.
You wouldn't say that if you could see me.
I don't think She's real big on hate.
Tell me. When you grew up in Brooklyn how many astronauts did you know?  You went your own way then. You didn't listen to people. So why start now...?
I wouldn't know anything about that.
You don't know what it's like out there. Walking around like some kind of circus freak. People staring whispering --
This ain't permanent. My friend Reed's working on a cure... I think.
You know you could'a run an ad in the personals.
Victor must've taken him.
Where is Reed?
No it's not. I thought I was done waiting for Reed... We're all in this together now Ben.
It's easy for you to be patient.
Just give Reed a little more time. You know how he works -- analyzing every little step before he takes one --
It's not him. It's them.  I can't live like this.
He didn't mean it. You know Johnny. He's always been a hothead --
What did he do to the uniform?!
I wouldn't be caught dead in that.
The suit will stretch. You should try it --
You look like an eighties rock band.
Well why didn't you say so? You want me to lift some weights or something?
We need to give you a physical so we know what got zapped.
Wouldn't want to keep Vic waiting.
I can only stay for one drink Ben. I've got to meet with Victor.
Is it safe?
We can monitor the cloud's approach and observe the tests from here.
Victor did.
I can handle the ship. I can even handle Mr. Blonde Ambition. But I don't know if I should be flying or playing Vegas in these suits. Who the hell came up with them?
I'll schedule the launch. Call me in the morning to talk about resources and crew.
Way to not overthink it.  So when do we leave?
And you can? Power it up?
He also said we'd avoid that storm in space. And we know how that turned out.
Reed said it'd be weeks till --
To help you. I've run every test known to man. And they all yield the same result: the machine is ready.
What do you want Vic?
Where do you think? With Sue.
What is this? Where's Reed?
Ben come in.
Come on. Let me buy you something to eat. Looks like you could use the company.
About me? How sweet.
I'm worried about you.
What are you doing here?
I already got it. Everything I want.
What did you wish for honey?
Deb it's me. It's still me.
Oh my G-g-g. What did you... do to Ben?
Baby you're scaring me.
Out front? You home baby? I got a surprise for you.
Deb... It's me. I need you to step out front.
I don't care about rocks I care about you.  You bring him back in one piece or you can forget being Best Man.
Soon as I'm back I'm gonna trade that in for a bigger rock.
Just get back soon or I start looking for a new groom.
I'll be watching over you.
Forget it egghead. I'm good as is.
Ben I've been crunching the numbers on the machine. I think if we can rework the power settings...
Got it teach.
Time for your lesson Vic. Chem 101: what happens when you supercool hot metal...?  Ben...
Ben I don't know if this thing'll change us back or make us worse. I need you to be patient for a little while longe--
Yeah. I can tell. Victor was right.
We're working as hard as we can --
Oh you remember my name do you? You happen to remember what you swore to do with every breath in your body?
This isn't permanent Johnny. We need to be careful until we're normal again.
It's about to be a broken face.
O-kay. We'll skip that question.
Not unless you want that clipboard stretched up your --
Ben I'm afraid I've got to ask --
Yeah.  You don't wanna know the details.
Okay. I've uh got some questions from Sue. That she thought might be better coming from me... Can you you know go to the bathroom... like normal...
If we're going to identify the source of the mutation we need to isolate your recombinant DNA so we can activate positional genomes.
You got a chisel round here?
Yeah nine years straight.
We had a tough year.
Am I okay?! You wanna explain that?!
Ben. Are you okay?
What the --!
I think I need to lie down. Bad shrimp.
Are you alright?
Well maybe you should date him.
He's smart powerful successful --
I'm sorry did that cosmic-bath loosen your screws?
What? Come on. She's got a good thing with Victor --
Reed I'm not talking about Debbie.
Yeah you and Debbie and perfect --
You go through something like this makes you appreciate having the right woman in your life.
I should have done more run more tests --
Reed. Even you can't compute every little thing.
I don't know. I just keep going over and over the numbers.
Three days. I was worried about you. How are you feeling?
How long was I out?
Ben. This is serious. Turn around.
I ain't done arranging your flowers egghead.
The shields on the station should protect us.
Victor's better at these things.
This is your dream Reed. You should be the one up there.
He's made a few changes.
Isn't that your speech?
This makes five.
I had it at four.
Five times.
When have I asked you to do something you absolutely said you could not do?
I'm sure he's matured since then.
They crashed it into a wall. A flight simulator.
Youthful high spirits.
No. I cannot take orders from that underwear model. That wingnut washed out of NASA for sneaking two Victoria Secret wannabes into a flight simulator.
External SRBs orbital system engines. Its just like the shuttles you flew in --
Can't do it. I cannot do it.
I know I know. I'm just worried about what he wants... Speaking of which...
We got what we wanted. That's enough.
Maybe you should think about yourself for once. You always let this guy push you round --
Ben think about all the people we can help if this works --
He knew about NASA. What if he made the call to shut us down --
Ben the money's not important. We could save lives.
What about his first born?
Ben. This is business. Just work.
I can't take this.
You'd never know it.
He's financed some of the biggest breakthroughs of this century.
This wasn't our first stop in case you forgot NASA. And Victor's not that bad. He's just a little...  Larger than life.
Good thing it ain't workin... Reed what are we doing here? This guy's fast-food strip-mall science --
Hey I'm Mr. Sensitivity now.  Clear the way wide load coming through.
No more cracks about how I look.
Really? With a name like Von Doom? Never saw that one coming.
The machine works. And Vic's gone Mister Hyde on us --
Go back to the drawing board.
Hey! That's a prototype!
Give me the god damn mirror!
They said that's not such a good idea the shock alone could --
Give me a mirror...
I swear to you they've done everything humanly possible. The best plastic surgeons in the world Ben. You had the best --
What's wrong with me?
They're fine. Everybody else... is fine.
Reed?... Sue?
Back on Earth. Victor's medical facility... We're in quarantine.
Where... where am I?
Don't you wander off boy.
Put your tiny little mind at ease.
Let's see: you got Victor stud of the year more coin than God? Or Reed the world's dumbest smart guy worth less than a postage stamp. Hmmm it's a toss-up.
Hey two hearts got busted last time. Maybe she's not over it either.
Yeah well his eyes say different.
'Course not. Strictly business.
Please tell me your dawg's not trying to rekindle things with my sister.
Keep talking there won't be a next time.
If you behave maybe next time daddy'll let you drive.
Actually the engines are SMEs. Hydrogenbase carbon propellant. Couple generations past your last ride.  I'm not as dumb as you look.
What the hell you smiling at? Just keep your mouth shut and your mind on those SMBs --
That's terrible news...
But... this disease... is progressive... degenerative...
The Center for Disease Control. If this thing is contagious --
I wish I could tell you. I can't pretend to know what we're dealing with here. I'll notify the CDC and --
At this rate the infection should be complete in two maybe three weeks --
Like the shields Reed said would protect us.  How long?
I don't really know. A compound organic-metallic alloy. Stronger than titanium or carbon steel. Harder than diamonds --
And they're changing into...
Your tissue your organs your entire biophysical structure is changing. Every system is still functioning somehow --
No: You're ON FIRE!
Not this again --
You're on fire!
Last one down springs for room service.
I though we went over this.
Stay right. Left is trouble.
Meet me at 4:01 top of the run. That'll give you a minute to freshen up.
My shift ends at four but I couldn't --
I've never felt better in my life. When do you get off work?
I mean you feel a little feverish.
So are you!
You're hot!
And where do we think we're going?
But all these people...
Johnny. SUPERNOVA.
A higher calling like getting girls and making money?
Act. Here we go again. Reed what if we got these gifts for a reason? What if we have some you know... like calling?
You need to control yourself and think before you --
Right whatever have fun.
That's what I'm trying to calculate. And it's not rubber. It's muscle tendon. I seem to have the ability to manipulate the malleability of my molecular structure and redistribute my density to --
They're not costumes.
He's right. These costumes are... missing something. I can't put my finger on it --
Oh well that's easy: I'm hot. You're... well you're a little limp. Sue's easy to see through. And Ben's always been a hardass.  Why aren't you writing this down?
What? No. I'm trying to figure out why we each ended up with different symptoms.
What are you trying to say? Just because I dress well and like to dance --
Is there something about flames? About flaming that you --
Gotcha. Okay. Supernova bad.
Not only could you kill yourself but you could set fire to Earth's atmosphere and destroy all human life as we know it.
I can go hotter!
Back it down Johnny!
...and figure out how to reverse them. Let me show you to your rooms.
This place is deluxe. You got cable?
We should stay here until we can define the extent of our changes...
Twenty? From outside the place looks a lot taller.
What he's trying to say is: every team needs a mascot...
Ben Grimm is a genuine American hero who's been through a terrible orde--
You've been working out.
This is wrong in so many ways.
Ben are you there?
Oh you dawg you. Better not be my nurse!
Cool. What'd it do to you guys?
The cloud has fundamentally altered our DNA.
Now what is up with that?
He's not responsive --
What about you?
Victor's right. Johnny get to the command center. Close the shields.
But Johnny... you can't fly.
Sis. Let me take care of you for once.
What are you doing --
No I'm sorry for pushing you out.
I'm sorry sis for leaving you guys --
As soon as you stop acting like one. Come on you're smarter than this. You think those people out there care about you? You're just a fad to them.
Look around sis! She's not here. So you can stop talking to me like I'm your little boy --
Johnny slow down. Think. You know mom didn't raise us to --
At least it beats living in a lab like somebody's science project.
Yeah for the last time I hope. I'm done with this freak show. I'm moving back to the real world.
Johnny? Did you see Ben?
Blockhead started it!
You two need a time-out.
You're gonna pay for that Pebbles.  What?!
Dude. That's my sister.
I'm driving.
Uh we call my sister the invisible girl... the Invisible Girl.
That's the temperature of the sun.
You were at 4000 Kelvin. Any hotter you're approaching supernova --
You're really cramping my style here.
Is that a trick question? C'mon I can't be the only one who thinks this is cool.
Grow up Johnny. You want to run around on fire for the rest of your life?
Wait. You mean there's chance we could be full-on-24-7-fantastic?
I think that thing is Ben.
What is that thing?
Flame on flame off. Flame on flame off --
Please tell me you go silent too.
Apparently I can disappear.
Keep the hot side hot and the cool side cool!
The synthetics act as a second skin adapting to your individual needs to --
Top left like you asked.  Today Wall Street. Tomorrow who knows... maybe Washington.
Front page?
Yes sir. You've got the Mayor at eight then a nine-thirty interview with the Journal --
Make sure you find Ben bring him back here. And keep it quiet. I don't need this to hit the press.
Sir I've always wondered... Why Sue? You could have any woman in the world but --
Later. First I've got some unfinished business. A deal that needs closing...
You know maybe you should get some rest --
And that's a good thing?
Get me on the AM shows Larry King cover of the Journal...  I've got to do something about this scar. Make sure they only shoot my right side.
Sir I'm sure he wouldn't put himself --
Reed's disaster. You know I half- think he did this to me on purpose.
Stable. We're looking at low twenties. It's a good number considering the fallout from --
How's the IPO?
Recording sir. We see you perfectly.
Leonard how's the feed?
History Leonard. History. Everything else is conversation...  How's the other matter?
Then what is it?
It's not just the money. I could make money in my sleep.
Our numbers are through the roof. The IPO's tracking at fifty sixty a share. The bank's five times oversubscribed --
They're ready for you sir.
Reed's always right. Good thing he doesn't always know what he's got...
And if he's not...?
If Reed's right then this little trip will double our stock offering.
A gasket? Reed we're at a party.
I found a broken gasket from space --
I'm sure I can come up with something.
Sue I need some of that anger rage frustration --
You need a doctor.
The power... I need... more power... to control... the storm --
Reed stop you need to rest your --
I can... make it work.
That would have kinda defeated the purpose. And Reed...  I'm saying it now.
Why didn't you say something?
When I walked out I waited ten minutes outside your door. Ten. Waiting for you to come find me.
I did. I did Reed... but I wanted you to be that man.
You always talked about how you liked the kind of man who could approach you... speak his mind. One who wasn't afraid to tell you what he wanted.
I gave him twenty.
You know I bribed the projectionist ten bucks to keep it open late?
Of course I was. I'd read all your papers on bioethics. Some of them two times just so I'd have something to say to you.
Remember our first date here...? God I was so nervous.
Reed. Shh. Just be quiet. And look up.
I could get Ben to tap into the Baxter's main power to generate enough voltage --
I'm not the only one in there. I got you Vic Ben Johnny all rattling around in there.
Every variable but yourself. You don't eat sleep. You can't live in your head like --
Which is why I'm working twenty hours a day checking every variable --
Better than your life. Victor's not the one who has to get into that thing. We are.
He was going to take away all my data equipment --
Don't let Victor push you into making a mistake --
No way to know. Without more tests experiments.
Reed. How close are we to a cure?
With the right energy we can stabilize the storm. Maybe tie into the city grid...
And you sure you can control this thing? Last time didn't work out so well.
Of course. Of course.
But we're the focus right Reed? Reed...?
Curing countless diseases not just ours.
And reverse the mutations --
If we can build a machine to re-create the storm we can reverse the polarity --
The plants from space. Their particles are still charged. With the right amount of energy those ions could create the elemental profile of the cosmic storm.
What are you doing?
No. There weren't. There was you. And me. No variables no math. It was actually the simplest thing in the world. But your head got in the way... like it always does.
There were a lot of variables to consider --
I just wanted to share an apartment. What was so complicated about that?
I think it was a little more complicated than --
Reed. I was ready for the next step you weren't ergo I walked.
No I distinctly remember: you walked out my door. Ergo...
Are you kidding?
I mean you broke up with me right?
What in the world would give me that idea?
I'm sorry I'm sorry I didn't mean to do that... You must think that was some kind of latent hostility or --
I'm sure I can come up with something.
Okay. Is there any way to duplicate that feeling? Some memory or...
Anger. Rage. Frustration.
I'm saying if you had a little more self control you could locate the trigger. Can you remember the exact emotions when --
You should be able to bend light around other objects even people if you could control your emotional state better --
What about you? You haven't eaten in days. How come you're never on this side of the microscope?
If it happened to him then it could...
That's what we're here to find out.
How come Ben can't turn it on and off like us?
What...?  Oh.
Sue. Your clothes. Lose them.
We need to get past them.
Let's not jump to conclusions we need a massive amount of evidence before making that leap.
It has to be the cloud. It's fundamentally altered our DNA.
Sue... look at your hands.
What? What do you mean you --
Uh Sue...? I can't.
You are such a dork Reed... You never got it and never will unless it's explained to you in quantum physics.
For science.
I can tell you guys are enjoying what was the best part of our relationship --
You're happy for me and Victor.
You always had a way with words.  I should be getting back.
That's good. That's uh... good.
Yes thanks.
Feeling better?
Great minds think alike.
Material made from self-regulating unstable molecules. I've been working on a formula for this.
Well he's welcome to ride shotgun but we already have a pilot on our payroll. You remember my brother Johnny...
As far as crew I was hoping Ben could pilot the mission --
It's been changed.
I uh think I remember the number.
Right. That's exactly what I meant.
Well uh based on our history... you can handle the biogenetics and I'll focus on the molecular physics. Or uhm maybe I should take the biotech you work the microscopes since you have some background in electropho--
I was talking about us. Working together.
Those solar winds are flaring but I factored them into my coordinates and --
Never better.
You're you've I mean how have you bee--
Which is precisely the point. Analysis is over. It's time for action. My men could have mass-produced this by now.
But I'm not done with the machine --
What I should have done a long time ago. Applications and patents Reed. This all belongs to me.
What are you doing here?
I don't want to understand it. This isn't one of your science projects. I just want to fix it. Fast!
Victor if we could understand what happened to us --
Abort? Reed I put my company my name billions of dollars on the line and I will not let you make me look like a fool --
I ruined? With all due respect I told you to abort --
Didn't go as planned? It was a catastrophe. You ruined the lives of four people --
Not much. We need to run tests to see the extent of the damage.
I'm starting to wonder the same thing... How much do you know about what happened to you?
He's had some kind of... reaction to exposure from the cloud. And he's not the only one.
Ben did this?
Ben did this.
Just a little banged up. A couple scrapes. Why?
It's too late for him and soon it'll be too late for all of us.
Not until Ben is back inside!
Reed we're running out of time.
Come on Ben come on...
So reel him in. But we came here to do a job. So let's do it. Quickly.
Ben's still out there --
Get a grip. Reed. We didn't come all this way to lose our nerve at the first little glitch. Just close the shields...
We've got minutes until it hits not hours... Victor that storm's deadly -- the radiation's lethal. We need to abort.
Got it. So take a walk Ben... I'm going to borrow Susan for a second.
Funny how things turn out isn't it?
The number's seventy-five. And it's applications and patents.
You back this mission and I'll sign over a fair percentage of any applications or --
Not at all.
This isn't going to be a problem is it?
You remember in school we talked about working together. That's what I was about to explain...
But dreams don't pay the bills do they?  Same old Reed the hopeless optimist. Still reaching for the stars with the world on your back.
Victor we can't do anything until the research is ready.
Oh I think you already have.
Please don't make this personal --
Then why is Reed dragging his feet? Maybe he likes having his prize specimen under glass...  It's ironic isn't it? You're finally the perfect woman for him... because you're his science project.
If these molecules aren't stable they could make us worse maybe even kill us.
Same old Reed. All analysis no action. Wasn't that the problem with you two?
He's working round the clock. But the data needs to be tested analyzed before --
Susan. What are you doing?
Victor wait slow down a second. I want you to know I appreciate everything you've done for me but I just don't --
It is. There's something we need to talk about. Something I need to ask you...
You said it was urgent.
Please no apologies. I've arranged for your things to be moved to one of my condos. You'll have round-the clock care.
I'm sorry I didn't get a chance to --
I told you I'm fine. It's you I'm worried about.
Victor your scar --
Just find him.
Victor I'm sorry I --
Victor are you feeling alright?
What's going on?
You can't leave them out there.
Raising the shields.
What are you doing?
Sue I've lived my life unafraid of taking big steps. And this is the biggest step yet. If it helps think of this as a promotion. A merger of sorts...  Four little words that can change our lives...
Uh Victor I hope I haven't done something to make you think...
Right of course the company... But you see I've come to realize all the accomplishments in the world mean nothing without someone to share them with --
It's been a good two years Victor... The company's accomplished so much.
Well when you're looking at your future it never hurts to find closure about the past.
I understand the business reasons.
Surprised I agreed to Reed's proposal?
I think you both know my Director of Genetic Research Susan Storm.
It's just business.
Skeptical...?
For your sake I hope you're right. I'm sorry if that sounds a little skeptical.
Reed's gonna fix me up --
I'm just saying I know what it's like to lose something you love. To see it slip away and know it's never coming back.
If you're trying to cheer me up you're doing a helluva job --
I know it can't be easy. Life hasn't changed that much for Reed Sue and Johnny. At least they can go out in public. But for you? People staring. Whispering behind your back...
Build for him a pyre. Light up the sky with his passing.
What kindness?
I've never been shown a kindness. Show me one now.
Would you not? He was father. And mother. We fell from grace together. He from his God. I from mine.
Then why weep for him?
And he drove me to mine.
You drove him to his torment.
I am as he made me. In his own image.
What is that to you? Evil as you are.
I longed to be with him. But I wanted his final moments to have peace. I could see you were a friend to him.
I was watching.
You were with him at the end.
I am afraid.
People can be kinder than you think.
I have been... afraid. Afraid... they will hate me... because I am so very ugly... and they are so very beautiful
Why do you not go to them?
Yes. Very close
Friends? Do they live around here?
Yes. I have been seeking my friends.
You're an outcast.
It can't be as bad as that.
I'm... very very ugly. People are afraid. Except you.
Better that way... for me.
I'm glad you finally came to the door. A man shouldn't have to scurry in the shadows.
The music? Or the fire?
SHE'LL NEVER BE YOURS! SHE SAID MY NAME! SHE REMEMBERS!
GET AWAY FROM HER! SHE'S MINE!
I'm sure the lady knows her own mind. Doesn't she? Let her decide the proper suitor.
She's not for you.
She's beautiful.
That is mild compared to what will come. If you deny me my wedding night. I'll be with you on yours.
I will not! Kill me now!
You will honor your promise to me!
No. I draw the line.
What does it matter? She'll live again. You'll make her.
This was not taken from a grave.
A brain. Extremities.
What is this?
Her body pleases me.
Why... her?
I'll be waiting. And watching.
Yes. I want this over and done with.
We'd travel north my bride and I. To the furthest reaches of the Pole where no man has ever set foot. There we would live out our lives. Together.  No human eye would ever see us again. This I vow.
And if I consent?
I do know that for the sympathy of one living being I would make peace with all.  I have love in me the likes of which you can scarcely imagine. And rage the likes of which you would not believe. If I cannot satisfy the one I will demonically indulge the other. That choice is yours.  You're the one who set this in motion Frankenstein.
Like you? Oh God you don't know what you're asking.
A companion. A female. Like me so she won't hate me.
There is something I want.  A friend.
What can I do?
Then perhaps I believe in evil after all.
I don't know.
Stolen memories. Stolen and hazy. They taunt me in my dreams. I've seen a beautiful woman lying back and beckoning for me to love her. Whose woman was this? I've seen boys playing splashing about in a stream. Whose childhood friends were these?  Who am I?
Trace memories in the brain perhaps.
In which part of me did this knowledge reside? In these hands? In this mind? In this heart?  And reading and speaking. Not things learned... so much as things remembered.
You're wrong. Do you know I knew how to play this?
Materials. Nothing more.
What of my soul? Do I have one? Or was that a part you left out?  Who were these people of which I am comprised? Good people? Bad people?
There was something at work in my soul which I do not understand.
Why Victor? Why? What were you thinking?
I'm not sure I believe. But then I had no one to instruct me. I had no mother... and my father abandoned me at birth.
I see it before me.
Evil?  Do you believe in evil?
How dare you. You're disgusting and evil.
Your crime... as well as mine.
Fine words from a child killer. You who murdered my brother.
More to the point why am I here? What did you want with me?  What does one say to one's Maker having finally met him face to face? Milton gave it voice.  Did I request thee Maker from my clay to mould me Man? Did I solicit thee from Darkness to promote me?
Then why am I here? What did you want with me?
Kill you? Hardly that.
Kill me and have done with it.
The letters in your journal. That and a geography book.  Your Elizabeth sounds lovely.
How did you find me?
Yes I speak. And read. And think... and know the ways of Man.  I've been waiting for you. Two months now.
Come warm yourself if you like.
Are you all right?
Read him one of the old letters and rephrase it. We'll say it came today. It'll set his mind at ease.
And not a word of them to Father. He's agitated enough not hearing from Victor.
Elizabeth. If it's true travel into Germany would be banned. You'd never get near Ingolstadt.  Besides they're only rumors.
I should go. I should leave today.
Something's wrong. I know it.  I've heard rumors of cholera spreading south from Hamburg.
It's been months. It's not like him.
Nothing. Still nothing.
Must've been a terrible row.
And you look so lovely.
You dance so beautifully together.
One-two-three one-two-three twirl- two-three...
Scandalous! What would your dear mother say?
Elizabeth really! He's quite mad!
Quite right!
That's the nature of all progress William. Don't let your brother sway you otherwise.
There there... shhh...
Poor William! What indignant tears!
It's far too late for him to still be out.
Claude rode over there to see if held lost track of time. They say he never arrived.
Is he not back yet?
Have you seen Willie?
Let this locket be a token of the vow we took the night I left.  He's coming home to marry me.
What does it say?
He set things right with a proper apology... and now they've put him in charge of dissection lab!
He always was opinionated.
Open this door for no-one!
I have been waiting for this ever since.
I remember the first time I ever saw you. Crossing the floor of the grand ballroom with my parents at your side. So beautiful even then.
Now husband and wife.
Brother and sister no more.
I do. But you must trust me for now.
Victor tell me why! Trust me!
Yes. We're in danger here. Every moment we stay.
Does this have something to do with that man you saw?
We'll leave this afternoon right after the ceremony. Pack only what you need.
It was misguided and pointless. Is your answer yes?
Why the change? What about your work?
No. Not tomorrow not next week Marry me today.
A month at most that's all I ask.  Elizabeth please. Things have not yet resolved. I must take steps to see that they do. For our family's sake. For our sake.  You are life itself. We shall seal our vow. The moment I am done.
We need each other now I need your comfort and strength not separation and solitude.
What of our marriage? Victor we've had so much tragedy. I want this family to live again.
It's not something I can explain now. Perhaps someday.
What sort of task?
I'm all right. I'm safe
I thought I'd never see you again!
I know only that he is a killer. And I shall bring back his carcass.
Do you know this man? Is there something between you?
They've done a fine job. Hanging an innocent for the crime of a fiend.
If what you say is true it is a matter for the police!
I've no choice
But why risk yourself? Hasn't this family suffered enough?
My mind was not playing tricks. He was there in the storm... gloating over his crimes... challenging me to come.
Elizabeth. My more than sister.
Victor. I love you
...until our wedding night. When our bodies will join.
I give you my soul...
Your decision. For us.
Our decision. Together.
Not as weak as I.
You make me weak.
I will be here when you return.
If only I could. But one of us must stay. Father's not strong. Willie's just a child. Who can look after them in your absence? Who can run the estate?
Then come with me to Ingolstadt. Marry me now.
I wish to be your wife.
I wish to be your husband.
Brother and sister still?
Is that what makes it so delicious?
This feels... incestuous.
All my life I've known.
I've loved you all my life
To be the best there ever was. To push our knowledge beyond our dreams... to eradicate disease and pestilence... to purge mankind of ignorance and fear...
You will.  What do you want Victor?
I'll have to do better than that.
Prouder still. You'll be the handsomest student there.
Father's so proud.
Quite a send-off isn't it?
Smell the air. Wonderful.
Give me that child before you fill his head with drivel!
Don't listen Willie. Progress is a feast to be consumed. Women would have you believe you must walk before you can run. Or run before you can waltz!
He needs to vent his outrage to the skies! Make yourself heard Willie! Learning to walk is not an easy thing! Why should it be so?
Oh do give him here! He needs to be comforted and held!
The world is a dizzying place.
Victor have a care! You'll make him dizzy!
He left a beautiful gift in her place. A baby boy. To cherish and love as our very own. Your brother
God took her from us.
She was mother to me as well. But ours is the job of the living. It's up to us now to hold this family together. We must think of Father and be strong for him.  I cannot do that alone.
What kind of God is He to will this?
It's not ours to decide. All that live must die. It's God's will.
How could all my father's knowledge and skill fail to save her?
Nothing can. Not ever.
Are you sure it can't hurt us?
Aren't you?
Don't cry Elizabeth.
Aye Captain.
He died. Raving about phantoms. He was mad poor devil.  Gather a detail. Have the body removed from my cabin.
This ice will break yet.  How's our guest?
A warming wind.
Then you run the danger of pushing them to mutiny.
They knew the risks when they signed on. I've come too far to turn back now.
Captain I implore you. The men are frightened and angry. They want your assurance.
It wouldn't dare.
It's going to ram us.
Thank goodness. We'd be out of work.
No. But someday.
Do you foresee this happening in our lifetimes?
I'm convinced. Not by treating symptoms but by diving nature's most jealously-guarded secrets.
You're saying all disease will eventually be eradicated?
I'm quite serious. Look at all the charity and clinic work we do. Up until thirty years ago the concept of vaccine was unheard of.
All that I once loved lies in a shallow grave. By my hand.
I owe you that. Done.
Only if you'll tell me who he is.
I'll be back as soon as I've got her far away and safe. We'll hunt this fiend down together.
Yes don't worry. I'll look after your father. You look after her.
Are you sure you'll be all right?
I didn't find what I was looking for.
What happened up there?
This. My home. My family.  If not for you I'd be dead in a burial pit somewhere.
Thank you Henry.
Quite a place.
Victor. This place looked like a charnel house. What went on here?
No. They don't.
It's the down-and-outs I pity most. Those who can't fend for themselves. They'll be dead by the thousands before this is done. They don't stand a chance out there.
Nothing in moderation Frankenstein.
Everything in moderation Clerval.
We catch a few hours sleep where we can. Usually here at your bedside.
You've been going round-the-clock?
Mine and Professor Krempe's.  We've been trading off nursing you in shifts. The rest of the time we're out working with the cholera victims. It's his turn for that just now.
Is that your diagnosis?
We feared cholera. Turned out to be pneumonia brought on by nervous exhaustion and some idiot running around in a storm.
Thank God your fever broke.  Slowly now. Just a sip.  I've been worried we might lose you. It's been touch-and-go for a week.
You'll be leaving then.  Just as well. You never were cut out for this Henry. Goodbye.
Listen to what I'm saying. The militia's arriving to quarantine the city. Most of us are getting out while we still can.
Things have gone worse with this cholera outbreak. Thousand new cases a day now. Classes have been suspended. University's shut down.
This is a bad time Henry. I'm busy just now. What do you want?
Few months perhaps. I'm gathering the raw materials even now.
How much longer?
That is my concern.  I'm involved in something just now. I want to finish it in Waldman's memory.
We all know how hard you took Waldman's death. Even Krempe is sympathetic. But it is time to move on. It is time to concern yourself with life.
I've been preoccupied.
Victor. This has got to stop.  Nobody's seen you in months. You haven't attended a single class.
There are sick people who need our help. Here and now. Not in some future time. Consider that.
No. He had more important work.
All the more reason for us to continue his work with the poor!
Blasphemy be damned! Waldman spent his life trying to help people!
That's blasphemy!
I resent God's monopoly.
You can't. Death is God's will!
Why Waldman? He of all people should have cheated death!
You're making a scene!
It was wrong Henry! It shouldn't have happened! The bastard deserves to die.
Keep your voice down. You don't know what you're saying.
Good. I'll be there to hear his worthless neck snap.
They'll hang him all the same.
He was a frightened soul who acted out of fear and ignorance.
They just caught the man who did it.
Nothing in moderation Clerval.
And here's to Him. Everything in moderation Frankenstein.
Somebody has to!
Only you would think of that!
But you haven't listened Never in history has so much seemed possible. We're on the verge of answers undreamt of... but only if we have the courage to ask the questions.
...yes and thanks to him smallpox has been virtually eliminated. I've heard this speech before.
These are exciting times Henry. We're entering an era of amazing breakthroughs. Look at Edward Jenner. He wasn't content to bleed people with leeches he pioneered a new frontier of thought
Now you've got him started.
It's a letter to my father.
What now? Writing about it in your journal won't help.
You're a comfort to me Henry.
The entire school heard it. It wasn't something one could miss.
Do me a favor then...  ...keep them to yourself.
Quite a few.
Can you think of a better reason?
Rich old ladies and their daughters?
Come now. Magnus? Agrippa? Next thing you know you'll be teaching toadstools to speak.
Do you really think I'm mad?
I know. You have a way of making an impression.
Victor Victor Frankenstein.
Henry Clerval.
Of course I am. It pays to humor the insane.
Are you having me on?
As a march hare.
I am not mad.
Very well then.
I was just clearing my throat.
I have no knowledge of that.
So you have claimed. Yet you have no explanation for this.  The locket last seen in the hands of the poor murdered child was found hidden in your dress the morning following the murder. The locket you so coveted.  How did it come to be in your possession?
Murder Willie? In my heart he was our child. Victor's and mine. Such a thing could never have entered my mind.
Is it also not true that you murdered his brother William in a misdirected crime of passion?
I have always loved him.
And is it true Miss Moritz that you love Victor Frankenstein? That your heart was broken?  Answer the question. Do you love Victor Frankenstein?
Yes. I took refuge in the barn. Wouldn't you? Lost in the storm? Freezing and wet? I was exhausted and could search no longer.
Despite the lack of challenge.
You seem to be adapting well to the approved curriculum.
Of Geneva.  Tell me Mr. Frankenstein of Geneva. Do you wish to study medicine? Or mysticism?
Victor Frankenstein sir.  Of geneva.
What is your name?
Or Albertus Magnus. Cornelius Agrippa...
Paracelsus?
Those which stir the imagination as well as the intellect. Paracelsus for one.
Philosophical?
But surely Professor you don't intend we disregard the more... philosophical works.
In science the letter of fact is the letter of law. Our pursuit is as dogmatic as any religious precept. Think of yourselves as disciples of a strict and hallowed sect. Someday you may be priests... but only if you learn the scripture chapter and verse.  Any questions?
Oh now you have gone too far. There's only one God Victor.
I tell you what we need my friends. Forget the symptoms and diseases. What we need is a vaccine for death itself.
The strain was evident.
Victor. He was trying to be gracious.
Numbers four and twelve directly into the nervous system?
Re-configure the leads?
Our profession needs talent like yours. Destroy your career over an issue of pride? What a waste.
Nonsense. Tonight you will draft an apology to Professor Krempe...
I doubt that decision is still mine to make.
It is a thrilling direction to explore. Thrilling and dangerous.  Nature can be wonderful and terrible. Science is not a realm for the reckless; it needs a conscience. We must proceed cautiously. Assess as we go.  What I do on my own time is my own business. The same holds true for you. You wish to expand your mind? Fine do so. You can even join me here if you like. But not at the expense of your normal studies.
But the possibilities. Combining ancient knowledge with new? Something like this could change our fundamental views!
Why? God alone knows what it means. Until it has proven value it's nothing more than a ghoulish parlor trick. Hardly fit for the classroom.
It's utterly fantastic! This is the sort of thing I'm talking about! We should be learning this!
Electricity.
I once saw it done as a boy in Canton. My parents were missionaries. The cure was nothing short of miraculous.  I've never forgotten it. Been fascinated ever since.
Preposterous.
No I embrace it... as something to be used or discarded as we advance the boundaries of what is known.
You disdain accepted wisdom?
To say the least. I came here to expand my mind but honest inquiry seems strangled at every turn. All we do is cling to the old knowledge instead of seeking the new.
You have a way of provoking his.  I've been watching you. You seem impatient with your studies.
Krempe has a way of provoking my temper.
Victor explain yourself.
Professor Waldman.
My name is Frankenstein...
Who are you?
We are kindred you and I. Men of ambition. Let me tell you all that I have lost in such pursuits. I pray my story will come to mean for you all that is capricious and evil in man.
Do you share my madness?
Lives are ephemeral. The knowledge we gain the achievements we leave behind... those live on.
You'd persist at the cost of your own life? The lives of your crew?
Then explain it whatever it is. It could save the voyage. I've spent years planning this. My entire fortune.
Your men are right to be afraid.
You know of it?
Creature? A... human like creature?
I can't say I blame them. We're trapped in this ice and bedeviled by some sort of... creature.
Would-be. I'm plagued with my share of difficulties just at the moment.
Ah. An explorer.
There's a startling question coming from you.  I'm captain of this ship. We sailed from Archangel a month ago seeking a passage to the North Pole.
How is it you come to be here?
Are you a physician?
Frostbite. Gangrene. A simple diagnosis.
I'm... dying.
You're awake. I've prepared some broth. It'll help restore you.
Go in there. Talk to her.
Me!? You where the one...
In the bedroom. Crying her eyes out because of you.
Where's Audrey?
What? I just couldn't just let them sleep in the street.
Who the hell are all these people?
Great. See ya then.
Audrey's going to stay with us tonight.
Audrey you're too damned nice that's your problem. Nice gets you nothin' in this town. You gotta be a killer to get ahead you know what I'm sayin'? I'm sorry baby but you just don't got what it takes.
Hey hey! I'm eating here!
I'm telling you he's dirt. He's a douche bag gutter slime dog crap puke chunks...
Shut up. How can you eat like that?
That's cuz I'm married to you.
Audrey did you take the tape out of the camera?
But we can get to the west side faster.
What are you talking about? The east side is always faster.
The JFK? In the rain!?
You're crazy go to the east side and take the park avenue to the JFK.
Cut uptown take 8th to 57th then cut up Broadway.
Oh yes he will.
He's not going to do it.
Only one way to find out.
Think we can fit up in there?
Yes. Definitely. Definitely enough.
Don't you think we have enough?
It's the maintenance entrance. Runs along the side of the tunnel. When they repaired it last year I worked on a piece about it.
What are you doing?
Lucy'd kill me if she knew.
What are you doing?
Look you want to make it up to your friend? Well if he's right this is your chance.
Animal I can't.
Perfect! You wanted a story well baby you got one.
My God. He's going after the nest.
I just saw him. He's with a bunch of guys who want to sneak into the city tonight.
Yeah. Why are you asking?
Didn't you tell me he left for the airport?
Yeah I just screwed up with the only man who ever really cared about me.
You made a mistake.
It's all my fault. What have I done Animal? What have I become? Look at me. This isn't me. I don't do things like this.
We know Audrey.
He stole my report! That's my report!
Sure I was. I thought Lucy was gonna kill me.
Great stuff Animal. Weren't you scared?
Nearly four years...
How long where you and dis guy goin' steady?
No! I just couldn't see myself with some boring egg head who spends his summer picking apart cockroaches. I wanted to have some adventure some fun...
That why you dumped him?
Well I can be tough if I want.
Nice guys finish last. First rule of the jungle.
Animal you don't think that's true do you?
You know how I spent last weekend? Walking his damned dog.
I like that image.
Oh just some insurance guy.
Who was that French guy anyway.
Really? I'd like to find out.
You'd be surprised.
Somehow I never thought your life was this exciting.
Are you okay?
Oh my God! They're coming!
If the military are listening they must immediately destroy this building before they can escape.
Your station won't have any easier time contacting the military than I did.
The network is on an intranet. It's a direct feed into our computer system.
Our network covers the Ranger games.
How do you know?
Come on the broadcast booth is right over here.
I know a way. I know how you can get a message out of here.
Circuits are overloaded.
I was wrong.
I thought you said there'd only be a dozen eggs.
What are you doing here?
So you thought that made it okay to steal my tapes?
I didn't mean for it to turn out like this.  Look I lied to you. I'm not a reporter. When we broke up and I came out to New York I was so sure I'd make it. But I haven't. That's why I needed this story so bad. I just couldn't tell you I'm a failure.
I shouldn't have to Audrey. You're supposed to be my friend. I trusted you.
You never said it was off the record.
Well what the hell did you think was going to happen?
Is this cause of me? Because of the story?
Yes. Do you realize that a creature like this could lay as many as a dozen eggs at a time!
The ultimate expression of evolution it reproduces asexually. Think about it all kinds of creatures have been known to travel great distances for reproduction. That's why he came to New York. Like every species of insufficient progenitors he's nesting!
I don't get it. If it's the first of its kind how can it be pregnant?
Well obviously these tests weren't designed for this but fundamentally they're looking for the same hormonal patterns that would indicate pregnancy.
Are you sure?
...he's pregnant.
What else do you know about it?
I got pretty close.
Blood sample? How close did you get to that thing?
Yes. The first of its kind. I found this blood sample earlier this evening...
And you think this creature is one of them?
I have this theory that we're inadvertently creating new species as a direct result of what we've done to nature.
And exactly what changes are you trying to effect?
When you and I use to attend rallies in college we helped to create awareness. But from the inside now I can actually effect change.  I never lost my idealism.
I still can't believe it. How does a guy go from an anti-nuke activists to working for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission?
Sure. I'd like that.
Wait. I'm sorry. You're right. Eight years is a long time. Can I offer you a cup of tea?
I'm sorry you feel that way.
Most people don't.
That was eight years ago. Some people change you know.
You just left me without a phone call a letter nothing. All this time. Yeah I guess I'm still a little mad.
You're still mad at me aren't you?
So you still picking apart cockroaches?
Yeah well...
You're a reporter. That's what you always wanted to be right? I'm happy for you. Really I am.
So you made it.
It's good to see you Nick.
Audrey?! Is that you? Hi hello. You look wow uh how've you been?
You must have quite some harem.
I'll take them all.
I'm tired of waiting for someone else to give me an opportunity Luce. If there's a story here I'm going to find it.
Audrey I don't think this is a very good idea. Caiman finds out and he'll have your job.
Wish me luck!
I left my forgery kit back at the office.
Yeah well he just turned up in New Jersey at the military command post. Somehow all this is related to what happened down in Panama. There's a story here. I know it. You got any tape or glue?
Your old sweetheart?
Remember my friend we saw on t.v.?
What the hell are you doing?
That's the problem. He did.
Four years. Girl I'm surprised he didn't ask you to marry him.
Nick Tatopoulos.
Did Romeo have a name?
He was my college sweetie! Look at him. He looks so handsome on t.v. What the hell is he doing in Panama.
It's Nick! I know that guy. I know him!
He's scum! As far as he's concerned you're just a pair of breasts that talk.
I can't believe he put the moves on me. After everything I've done for him.
Oh please your life doesn't suck. His life sucks.
My life sucks.
Speak of the devil.
And I'm supposed to remind you to call him on all of Caiman's expense p.o.'s.
You're kidding right?
Five bucks.
The warm feeling of helping your fellow man.
What do I get?
Can I use some?
What's it to you?
Hey do you have any glue in your bag?
Not anymore. Mr. Caiman I quit.
I want that story Audrey. Remember you work for me.
We? I don't think so.
We did it! We've got the exclusive! Way to go Audrey!
Listen this is the time when the big boys have to go to work okay Honey?
You don't understand I can get us information...
Not now. You got my bag?
I've got something on this. I know a guy on the inside with the military...
Caiman wait. Take me with you.
It's your choice.
So have dinner with me tonight.
Mr. Caiman I've been doing extra research for you after hours and weekends for nearly a year. And I've never asked for anything but this job is really important to me. I'm too old to be an assistant anymore. I need to know this job is going someplace.
Call me Charlie.
Mr. Caiman...
And you're beautiful...
Mr. Caiman you're married.
Are you serious? He's going to consider me for he job? What else did he say?
He said he'd consider it. It's between you and Rodriguez.
Just tell me did you talk with him?
This is not the place...
Did you talk with Humphries?
Make sure they find that nest before it's too late.
I'm sorry about all this.
I don't think so.
Evacuate Manhattan? That's over three million people. Has that ever been done before?
More than that. I believe this is a mutated aberration a hybrid from the fall out in that region.
Hence the radiation.
Oh thank you.  Is she always like this?
Well I think you're cute.
Not for a long time now.
You mean to tell me that there is no one who holds a special place in your heart?
No. Perhaps I work too much.
Really? A girlfriend then?
Oh I'm not married.
Three years digging up worms in Chernobyl? How did Mrs. Tatopoulos handle it?
Ah Elsie Chapman paleontologist.
Hi. Nick Tatopoulos...
Nick my men and I will hold them here. You will have to go and get help!
They didn't make it.
Where's Luc and Pierre?
We've secured the doors on both levels.
That is when we will go in.
They will set the trap at thirty minutes to ten.
Allez allez!
Fill them with cement brick them up put land mines in them bombs I don't know just make sure that goddamned thing doesn't leave the island!
And how should we do that Sir?
Have them sealed off.
Only five Sir. We've checked them all. He hasn't used any of them.
Christ. How many tunnels lead off the island?
When we learned he could burrow his way through the tunnels we realized he could be out of the quarantined zone.
Get your people out of there or I will.
Major what do you think could have done this?
Well your people are getting in the way of my job.
That is our job.
You're fast.
CHARGEURES property and casualty insurance. We are preparing a report.
They are with me!
Who are they? Lieutenant get those people away from there.
No it's still in my tent. It's...oh my God she took it.
You gave them the tape?
It may be too late by then. These eggs will hatch very quickly.
So after we kill the creature we'll begin a search for the nest.
No it reproduces asexually. That's why we must find the nest. If we don't dozens will be born each one capable of laying eggs of its own. Very quickly we could be looking at an enormous population.
Um excuse me sir but the situation's more complicated than that. The blood I recovered revealed that the creature is either about to lay eggs or already has.
You see all we need to do is get a better shot at it with weapons that don't rely on heat seeking...
Well yes. I did. Clearly he was injured and bled.
When I needed to catch earthworms I knew the best way to catch them was not to chase them. I had to draw them out.
What are you suggesting?
You know he's not an enemy trying to evade you. He's just an animal.
What do we know? It was first sighted off the French Polynesian Pacific. An area that has been exposed to dozens of nuclear tests over the last thirty years.
Don't tell me why it's not tell me what the hell it is.
The radiation is not an anomaly it's the clue. This creature is far too unique on every level to be some lost dinosaur.
It happened so fast no one knew what hit them 'til is was over.
Somebody must have seen it.
We're hoping you're going to help us figure that out.
But there's no animal in the world that can make prints like that? Is there?
That's right.
That was a footprint. I was standing inside a footprint.
You're standing on it.
What sample?
Then you're perfect.  Here's your radioactive sample. Study it.
They're enormous! A new species created by man's recklessness. That's what I've been trying to tell you I'm only a biologist. I take radioactive samples and study them.
Seventeen percent huh? Sounds big.
It means that due to a man made accident the Chernobyl earthworms are now over seventeen percent larger than they were before. Mutated by seventeen percent?
No but I have the feeling I'm about to find out.
The radioactive contamination in that area altered the earthworm's DNA! You have any idea what that means?
Yeah you're the worm guy.
Do you know that you just interrupted a three year study of the Chernobyl earthworm?
Look I may work for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission but accidents and spills are not my field.
We have a situation on our hands that requires your particular expertise.
You didn't answer my question. In fact for the last 18 hours no one has answered any of my questions.
Excuse me would you mind telling me what the hell I'm doing here?
Right. The worm guy.  Can someone get those people off the beach?
It's Tatopoulos.
Dr. Niko Topopolosis?
You don't have the authority to do that.
Organize a search party. I want a complete sweep of the entire city and subway system.
That thing's dead. What the hell are we waiting for?
We're sending divers into the river now to retrieve the body.
Do you have any idea what's going on out there? The phones are ringing off the hook with people screaming to be let back into the city.
That's not true. Our worm guy er I mean Dr. Tatopoulos found blood.
Last time you didn't even scratch it!
General Anderson the problem was the terrain. If we lure him out into a more open area such as this portion of Central Park...  We should be able to take him down.
But you don't know for sure!
We think there's a strong reason to believe it may be hiding inside one of the buildings within the sequestered area.
Wait.  Au revoir.
I just wanted to say au revoir and thank you for your help my friend.
I understand.
Where are you?
It's Raymond.
It's okay. I know her.
Who the hell are you?
I can't get through. I don't know what's wrong.
What'd they say?
555-7600. Tell them it's a code dragonfly. They should get you through.
How do I do that?
Contact the military and get them to send a bomber to blow up this building before these things escape.
I think we should leave now.
You were right.
Three eggs. I thought there would be more.
Let's hope we are not the hors d'oeuvres.
They've turned off the ventilation system. They're calling him to dinner.
Makes us look more American.
What's with the chewing gum?
Are you kidding? I always wanted to join the French Foreign Legion.
So you're in?
Here. 23rd street subway station. Where we first found the fish. With a little luck this will lead us right to it.
Yes. This testing done by my country left a terrible mess. We are here to clean it up.
Your talking about the nuclear testing in the Pacific.
It is my job to protect my country. Sometimes I must even protect it from itself. From mistakes we have made. Mistakes that we do not want the world to know about.
I am a patriot. I love my country. Can you understand that?
I am not permitted to speak of such things.
So why all the secrecy? Why aren't you guys working with the US military?
This is America. There is nothing you can not buy.
How did you get all of this stuff into the country?
We have already taken care of them.
Oh my bags. I've checked them in.
I need your trust if you're to help me find the nest.
Why do you need that?
I need you to trust me.
Why are you telling this to me?
Are you sure? How do you know?
We have learned that your American friends have decided not to look for the creature's nest.
It's the French Secret Service.
Sounds like a big company.
SDECE Service de Documentation Exterieure et de Contre-Espionnage. Agent Phillip Raymond.
Oh yeah the insurance guy.
We've met before.
Do I know you?
Are you looking for this?
You'll forgive my impertinence sir but even though we had never before met always considered you as a father to me.
Don't speak Quellek.
... It has been my greatest honor to serve with you.  LIving by your example these years my life has had meaning.  I have been blessed.  Sir I... I...
No don't talk like that son. We're going to get you fixed up.
I... I don't think I'm going to make it Sir...
Not so bad. We'll get you to medical quarters. You're going to be fine.
I'm... I'm shot.
Okay Quellek let's get back to the command deck and-Suddenly we hear a PISTOL BLAST and Quellek's chest turns RED. Alexander and Quellek look down at the blood horrified.
Sir! The pressure.  It's normalizing.
Come with me. I'll explain on the way.
I avoided capture using the Mak'tar stealth haze.  Where is everyone?
Quellek. What are you doing in there?
Sir it's you  Thank Ipthar!
Right... Sorry sir.
Uh uh! What did we talk about?
Good luck on your mission Sir. By Grabthar's Hammer by the Suns of Warvan I wish you-
Dr. Lazarus here is your surface mapper.  I have programed it to the coordinates of a Beryllium Sphere of sufficient density.
Yes sir... The use of your waste facilities were strangely absent from the historical records so we had to extrapolate purely on the basis of your anatomy.
Is that the bathroom?
Just as on your home planet sir. If I may say it took me three years to master the spikes but now I sleep with a peace I never thought possible...
Where's my bed?
Yes sir. Marvelous isn't it? Completely distractionless.
This is it?
...Yes sir.  Your quarters sir.
Just don't.
I'm sorry sir I was only-
Don't do that. I'm not kidding.
By Grabthar's Hammer Dr. Lazarus I-
Well good that's very... nice.
Dr. Lazarus... I hope that I'm not breaching protocol but.. I am so very humbled to stand in your presence... I have studied your missions extensively... Though I am Thermian I have lived my life by your philosophy by the code of the Mak'tar.
No time to worry about that Alex. Tommy let's get this thing slowed down... Gwen see if you can calculate the impact point. Guy cet down to deck C and make sure tne injured are secured. Also lets-
Jason before we entered the black hole my instruments detected strange energy surge from Sarris' shiD~ similar to...
Okay... Let's go buddy they can take It from here... I'mo-
Yes. Good was done this .....
~hex!  Alex are you oKav?
I had the shot...
Sense memory. I see you got to win the fight...
Shut up.' Just shut up you purple skinned monstronsity
Hundreds dead all so you could play at being the Commander.' You've murdered us all you egomaniacal sonofabitch!
Am I crazy or do you actually have something there?
It's a DAMN ROCK MONSTER!!! It doesn't HAVE motivation!
... . Well  you have to figure out what it wants... What's its motivation?
ALEXANDER??? PLEASE? You're my advisor advise me!
KILL IT? Well I'm open to ideas!...
Fred's no good Jason. You're going to have to kill it
I heard something. A squeal.
What?  What?
Oh of course I forgot! YOU have to be the hero don't you?... Heaven forbid anyone else get the spotlight once! Oh no Jason Nesmith couldn't possibly-
You go first! There's no time!
Must be some sort of mining facility.
There it is. The Beryllium sphere.
What's the scale?  Is that ten miles? A hundred miles?
About this much.
KEEP GOING! KEEP GOING!
DON'T BE INSANE STOP! FULL STOP!
NO!  WE'RE ALMOST THROUGH!
Like YOU know?
You don't hold a thruster down! It's for quick boosts
We stop we die. Keep holding the thruster down Tommy!
We've got to stop!
Like throwing gasoline on a fire...
At ease men.
Calm down everybody.   We're just here to negotiate General Sarris' surrender.
COME IN PROTECTOR... PROTECTOR...
God what an ass.
Leadership....
... to camera center no matter whose shot you're blocking...
I'm glad you asked... To me the most important qualities of a Galaxy Explorer are loyalty...
...Damn you!  Damn you!
I won't and nothing you say-
You WILL go out there.
Friend. You stole all my best lines.  You cut me out of episode two entirely!..
Come on old friend...
As a matter of fact I do. Look at their eyes. They're obviously nocturnal. Come sundown they will go into the forest to hunt. So our plan is simply to wait for nightfall instead of mounting an insane assault in full daylight simply because we did it that way in episode 31.'
You have a better plan Alex?
This is ludicrous.  Why are you listening to this man?  Must I remind you that he is wearing a costume not a uniform?...  He's no more equipped to lead us than THIS fellow.  No offense.
...Sleeves rolled halfway up the biceps...
And note the sucked in gut.
You know with the makeup and everything1 I actually thought he was smart for a second.
You were holding it upside down weren't you?
The engines are dead. We're drifting.
What's happened?
They're drifting toward me... I think they're magnetic!...
Could you possibly try  not to hit  every  single  one!
No Jason that's a wrap!  There's nothing to think about!
He wants to THINK!?
Jason what have you gotten us into?
What the hell is going on?!!?
No. I can't go out there! I won't say that ridiculous catch phrase one more time. I won't.  I can't!
Settle down Alex...
I played Richard III...
Not again...
Oh and did you hear he booked another fan appearance without us?
He's a twit!
He always has to make the big entrance.
Yes you did.
No I didn't.
Down there.
He knocked me out the sonofabitch. Where is he?
It doesn't make sense... Surely they could have fortified the compound against those creatures...
Those blue things ate everybody here?
Nobody was WATCHING?
I don't know.
Could they be the miners?
Look at that... Will you LOOK at that... They look like little children...
To see if there's a pub.
Alex? Where are you going?
FRONT ARMOR IS GONE! JUST SLOW IT DOWN A LITTLE!
WE'VE HAVE TO STOP!
The ships are gaining...
May I get the check?
Shit! I'm doing it! I'm repeating the damn computer!
We heard it the first time!
All this from watching the.. historical records?
Oh my god It's real.
Yes poor Jason. As we speak he's probably out somewhere talking rubbish to a roomful of hangers-on. While here I sit eating Christmas cheese in Spring.
I don't know... It just wasn't like him.
A boy comes to the door.
You could order something in.
I still haven't got this bloody thing off.
Why didn't you stop at the market?
Oh good there's nothing to eat.
Oh can't I? Watch me!
Alex you can't -just leave.
Dear God.... How did I come to this?
Oh Alex get away from that thing...
The guy is terminally selfish!
He's a miserable twit!
We'd better get everybody online.  And Kyle Stop downloading porn.  Your frame rate is unacceptable.
I have sectors 1-28.  I think Hector has the upper levels.
You've got the utility systems walkthrough right?
No time for pleasantries Kyle. We have a level five emergency. The Commander needs us to get him to the core and shut it down before it overloads.
Hi Brandon.
He probably... Has some very important business to attend to...
He dissed us AGAIN Brandon!
Yeah. What's wrong? JASON ~~othIno. I -ust oncuont ot wou~o oc oomooooateo onan onat.
Raise the glass and push the blue button.
I'm at the control oaneh. What do I do?
Berithium lava coming through. Use the handholds above you.
Go. They're off again.
GO Commander.
Lt. Madison GO.
No wait are you-
Wait two seconds then go.
Okay now. But-
Commander you and Lt. Madison will have to go through the crushers one at a time in three second intervals. Tell me when the first crusher hits the bottom...
Yes Commander... All right you're almost there. Just go through the chompers and over the pit.
My cousin's boyfriend's sister went out with the screenwriter. His favorite movie is the Omegaman.  He's seen it 13 times...
How did you come to that conclusion?
No  I am of the firm belief that in reality it is not a matter killer but a matter REARRANGER converting all molecules to the exact state they existed thirteen seconds previous to activation thus effecting a thirteen second time jump to the past.
But you don't?
It's been the subject of an extremely heated debate on the internet for years. Many believe that is a matter collapser a bomb capable of destroying all matter in the universe in a chain reaction lasting 13 seconds.
What do you mean?
Well that's the big question isn't it?
What does the Omega 13 do?
Yes Commander?
Brandon.. Just in case I die there's something I have to know...
Okay that's where you want to be.
We'd never have the budget for this.
Commander do you have a camera?  I'd die to see this in person... All they showed on TV was a machine here and a wall here... I don't know why they didn't show the whole thing.
Now make a right you'll see a doorway that opens on the central manufacturing facility.  The bowels of the ship.
Okay...  Okay now what.
Okay now left at the next turn... Past the oxygen units.  Make a right there. Then go through the antimatter vent...
Okay you can go on in... I'm going to get Kyle. He knows the utility tunnel system better than anybody alive.
Okay we got it.
Brandon.. . The crew and I are in trouble and we need your help.
I knew it!... I KNEW it!...
It's real Brandon. All of it It's real.
... But I want you to know that I am not a complete braincase okay? I understand completely that It's just a TV show. There is no ship there is no Beryllium Sphere no diagital conveyor... I mean obviously it's all just a-
It's okay. Listen-
Yes I know and I want you to know I thought about what you said... I know you meant it constructively but...
Brandon I remember you from the convention right?... You had a lot of little technical observations about the ship and I spoke sharply to you...
What's  your name son?
Oh... Oh I see. Oh.
We accidently traded Vox units when we bumped into each other on Saturday.
There IS no quantum flux and there Is no auxiliary... There's no goddamn ship  Do you get it?
Yes but we were wondering-
It's a television show. Okay? That's all. It's just a bunch of fake sets and wooden props do you understand?
Excuse me guys.
Systems register functional.
All systems are working Commander.
Systems register functional.
No we don't have an extra Beryllium sphere.
Negative no reserve Beryllium sphere exists onboard.
We need another one.
Negative. The Beryllium sphere will have to be replaced.
It's fractured...
The Beryllium Sphere has fractured under stress.
Computer what about our engines? Why don't we have power?
The enemy is matching velocity.
The enemy is matching velocity.
Guys we're sustaining structural damage!...
The ship is sustaining structural damage.
I never get tired of that joke.
There is no weather in space.
What's the weather like outside?
We're getting major structural damage.
Structural damage at 68 percent.
So our solution is to introduce a bonding substrate! - A two molecule compound sharing a free electron - and bombard the ions with their reflective isotopes!
Covalent... Right. So...
What does that mean?!!!  Yes I see! Yes... It means that perhaps... the... bonding molecules have become covalent?!...
... What does that mean?
That possibly... The valence bonds have shifted bi-laterally?
U.... What do you think?
Hopkins can't drink your bathwater Fred.
As good as Hopkins?
You worked with Hopkins? I worship Hopkins.
Fred I worked summer stock with Hopkins. Regional theater with Hoffman. But I swear to God I have never met an actor who could hit his mark or nail his lines with the professional consistency of a Freddy Kwan. You're Mr. Dependable... You can do this.
Listen Fred. You did this for four years on the show. You can do it now... Put your hands on the controls..
No I'll kill you. .
I'll take my chances with Gorignak.
The digital conveyer?  You mean I'm going to get diced into cubes and sorted up there in a thousand pieces?
No no... I'll think on it...
Never mind Fred....
A hologram...
I...Well uh... Yes absolutely.
Hey Commander. Listen we found some Beryllium on a nearby planet. We might be able to get there if we re-configure the solar matrix in parallel for endothermic propulsion. What do you think?
Maybe you're the plucky comic relief you ever think of that?
I'm just a glorified extra Fred.  I'm a dead man anyway. If I'm going to die I'd rather go out a hero than a coward.
It's suicide.
Listen I'll go in create a distraction. have this...  may be able to hold them back long enough for the aliens to escape.
We've got to get that valve turned off. Their oxygen Is almost gone...
Of course... We'll just zap him up with the digital conveyor!
...The digital conveyor.
I don't like this... I don't like this at all...
You Okay Alex?
How do you remember this stuff?
We're doing episode 31 Jason?
How the hell is Fred supposed to project a hologram?
Let's get out of here before one of those things kills guy.
I am SO SICK of being right.
Of course they're cute NOW. But in a second they're going to turn MEAN and UGLY somehow and then there are going to be a million MORE of them!...
Oh they're so cute.
Something BAD happened here.
Where are the miners?
Guy you HAVE a last name. We just don't KNOW it.
The lost footage. At the convention. The mysterious device in our last episo--historical document.
The Omega 13... Why does that sound so familiar?...
It's ... incredible.
THAT'S why you built this ship?
You... know us?
Sure Guy If you can stand the excitement.
Listen I was wondering would you guys mind if I sit in today? See if anybody's interested in an autograph? Never know.
No. Keep all energy to the armor.
We~re oetting hammered Jason.  Return fIre?
A LATHE??? Get off the line Guy.'
I know...  You contruct a weapon.  Look around can you form some sort of rudimentary lathe?...
BECAUSE I DIED IN EPISODE 31!
It's a rough plan Guy! What does it matter if we're doing episode 31 or not?!
Jason are we doing Episode 31 or not?
It doesn't have to be a hologram... Just a diversion.
Let's just pick up the pace a little shall we?
That's it that's what's going to kill me.
All right let's all settle down.  If we're going to get through this we're going to have to exercise self control.
We're screwed... We're so screwed...
No. Nobody does. Do you know WHY? Because my character Isn't IMPORTANT enough for a last name. Because I'm going to DIE five minutes in why bother to come up with a last name for me?
It's... I don't know.
Yeah what is it?
Your last name.
Oh I'm not? I'm not? Then what's my last name?
Guy you're not going to get killed on the planet okay?
They're still behind us...
All right. Put me back on with him.
We made it. Commander we made it.'
~e're alive!
We made It. Commander we made it.' m ALEXANDER sort ov) By Grabtnar' s h~mmer we  ove to te   ono 'tale.
We're alive!
I think he just likes pointing at things.
Not a clue. You?
You have no idea what a perimeter is do you?
Where'd they go? Back inside?
They're gone.
Whatever the one with the hologram. The wall of fire.
We're doing episode 31?
Hey YOU want to drive?
More to the left... Stay parallel...
Hey. Thanks for one nice intro... uh.
Hi everybody.
TOMMY 270 DEGREE TURN TO PORT!
never doubted you for a second.
He's accelerating to Mark 6.
Well forget it!  I'm not going.  This episode was badly written!
Because it was on the show!
We shouldn't have to DO this!  It makes NO LOGICAL SENSE! Why is it HERE?
What IS that thing? It serves no useful purpose to have a bunch of CHOPPY CRUSHY things in the middle of a CATWALK!?.'
Wait... Jason Here!...
There's no hatch.  There's no hatch!
No I don't. But I know somebody who does.
Uh... I hate to break it to you Jason but I don't know how to shut down a neutron reactor and unless you took a Learning Annex course I don't know about I'm pretty sure you don't know how to shut down a neutron reactor either.
So... We get to shut down the neutron reactor?
What the hell are you talking about?
Jason?...  I don't think the pig lizard was Gorignak...
Turn on the translation circuit.
Wait the pig lizard is gone. Why are they still chanting for the pig lizard?
Nothing. Hold please.
What?  What did he say?
Jason we're going to use the digital conveyer to get you out of there.
Yeah. But I've got Gorignak staring me in the face. I think I can take it though...
Thank God. Are you okay?
Yes. Yes I'm here!
Jason.. Can you hear me?
Will you stop RIDING ME?!
Clenched jaw...
How does the rolling help actually?
Why does this sound so familiar?
All right... here's the plan:  First Fred we need a diversion to clear those things out of the compound then Gwen Alex Fred and I go down to get the sphere.  Any of those things come back give a signal. Guy you set up a perimeter.
Don't be ridiculous.
You're playing your good side.
I could have held on to YOU! ...
Did it ever occur to you that if you had been a little more supportive you could have held on to me?
Self control?  That's funny coming from the guy that slept with every Moon Princess and Terrakian slave girl on the show!...
Computer do we have a replacement Beryllium sphere onboard?
Do we have a replacement Beryllium sphere onboard?
Computer can it be repaired?
Can it be repaired?
No I don't think so... Wait. They're not but...  Something is.  Oh my god.
Are they behind us?
I don't think that's a cloud...
Maybe we can lose them in that cloud.
Listen Sarris you can't blame me for trying...
I made the CUT THE LINE gesture. You nodded okay.'
You just keep pushing those buttons those there send everything at him okay?
We're going to fire everything we've got at him all right?
All right now nobody panic I've dealt with this guy before and believe me he's as stupid as he is ugly.
Mathesar maybe we should get some of your crew up here.
There's nobody here. Jason...
Let me think. I need time to think.
We're leaving Jason. We're leaving NOW.
Gwen... Gwen c'mon wait no!
We have no right to do this. They deserve to know.
Hey... Hey where are you going?
Ninty-nine percent of ACTING is commitment. ACTING.  Stella Adler never manned a resonance cannon she taught ACTING...
It's not the STUFF. I mean anybody can learn the STUFF...  The important thing is COMMITMNT. 99% of anything is just committing to it.
Well you have to tell them.  What if something happens? We're actors not astronauts... We can't do this stuff!
Are you kidding? I'm not going to tell them.
Who we are. Don't you think they're going to be PISSED?
Tell them? About...
Wait. When are you going to tell them?
C'mon we're wanted up on the command deck.
On the show I talk to the computer and repeat what it says. So that's what they built.
But I'm the Commander!
Only answers to me.
Let me try.  Computer?  Computer?...
Oh come on it's not like I haven't-
One minute   I'm -  Hey I'm dressing.'
It's Jason...
You know it's one thing to treat us this way but how can you do this to your fans?...
This isn't mine. Wait where is that kid?...
You smiled at me.
What do you want me to say Gwen?... They wanted the Commander.
How much of a nothing? Not enough to split five ways kind of a nothing?
A few fans built a little set in their garage.  .  I come in for an hour at most. It's a nothing.
Tommy look!  Those lights...
Closer?  I can try.
JASON  You think you could-get any closer to those mines?
Is this really the most important thing we could be talking about right now?
I heard it too.
That thing's not going to get us down there fast enough.  Face it he's dead.
We got the Sphere but the Commander's down there with a bunch of cannibals!  Teb reset the pod we're going back.
I can't...  It's on autopilot!...
Oh my god! Tommy! Stop the pod! Stop the pod!
Sure no problem.
I have ONE job on this lousy ship. It's stupid but I'm going to DO it. GOT IT?
You know that's really getting annoying.
I don't know guys... I mean he almost looked... sincere. I know it's bizarre!
You should have let me hit him.
Don't do it Tommy. He's not worth it.
That's it It's go time.
Almost as much as he loves himself.
You gotta admit they do love him.
You are so full of shit
Unbelievable.
Tomorrow morning before the store opening.
You're kidding. When for?
This is great!  They're going to start eating each other out there.
Where the hell is he?  An hour and a half late.  An hour and a half!
This is embarrassing really.   I shan't tell this story when I return home.
Accelerate to Mark 4 Tommy.
Yes... You understand THAT don't you Mathesar?...
We.. We lie.
We pretend...
Our dimwitted friends don't understand the concept of acting. They have no theater no imagination these scientists.
My name is Jason Nesmith. I'm an actor. We're all actors.
Gwen. The show. There's no choice. Do it.
Please don't hurt them it's not their fault. I'm not the Commander I don't know anything.
Wait. What did you say?
Do you think I'm a fool? That the Commander does not know every bolt every weld of his ship?
No! I swear I don't know! Please!
Prepare a tear harness for the female...
Stop please! I don't know!
Is it a bomb?  A booby trap?  Tell me!
I don't know.
Then tell me one thing... What does it do the device? The Omega 13.
All right. You got it. You win. I'll deliver it now.  Just give me a moment to set it up.
You have ten seconds.
Listen I'd like to but frankly.. I'm not even sure where it is or even...
Deliver the device now or I will destroy your ship.
Right.  Well... Listen I'm  I'm sorry about that whole... thing.. before. It was kind of a misunderstanding.  I'm sure we can work this out like reasonable people... How's the uh...  ... that going to heal up? God I hope so I feel just awful about that.
Better than my Lieutenant.  He failed to activate ship's neutron armor as quickly as I'd hoped on our last encounter.
Yes... Hi Sarris... How are you doing?
Okey dokey let's fire blue particle cannons full. Fire red particle cannons full. Fire gannet magnets left and right. Fire pulse catapults from all chutes. And throw this thing at him too killer.
First I require the Omega 13... Second-
You can oc that?
The ship is a model... As big as this!... A very clever deception indeed! He oan't oontaln hIs lauchter.  A belle-----TOMMY Set a course for home lommander?
It's difficult to... On our planet we pretend in order to... entertain.
Sections of rooms made of plywood. Our Beryllium Sphere was painted wire and plaster. The digital conveyor was Christmas lights... Decorations.  It's all a fake.  I'm not him...  I'm a nothing. A nobody.
But... Inside I have seen-
A model only as big as this.
But there it is!...
I'm not a Commander there is no National Space Exploration Administration. There is no snip.
We have become aware of these concepts only recently. In our dealings with Sarris. Often Sarris will say one thing and do another. Promise us mercy and deliver destruction... It is a concept we are beginning to learn at some great cost.  But if you are saying that any of you could have traits in common with Sarris.
Well... Sort of...
We have seen you victorious in many more desperate situations. The fault must lie with us with the ship...
You what?.. What are you talking about?
A thousand apologies. We have failed you.
It's the Tothian mine field left standing from the Great War of 12185.
Mathesar? What is that?
Mathesar I need you to prepare pods for my crew.
Commander...
I'm sorry. You deserve to be shown.
Former Commander?
Our former Commander was not... Strong.
Then how did he find out about the device?
NO Thank God he has not.
Mathesar?. .. Has Sarris seen the.. historical records?
Wherever a distress signal sounds among the stars we'll be there this fine ship this fine crew. Never give up never surrender!
To our brave guests.  Few in this universe have the opportunity to meet their heroes.  We are blessed to count ourselves among them.
... Maintenance facility...
It's perfectly safe. I promise.
Weapons storage...
It was a lot of fun. You kids are great.
How can we thank you Commander. You- You have saved our people.
An interstellar vox.
I would but I am REALLY running late and the 134's a parking lot after 2:00.  But listen the guy gives you any more trouble just give a call...
He has a very powerful ship. Perhaps you would like to wait to see the results of-
Oh I don't think so. I gave him both barrels.
But what if Sarris survives?
Long live Theramini.  Take a left here?
Right. Long live... What's your planet?
But Commander... The negotiation... You... You... You fired on him.
What kind of signal?
All right Gwen Alex Fred follow me.  Guy set up the perimeter. Tommy you keep a lookout make a signal if they come back.
Do your best Tommy...
Push It. Hold it down.
Could be this.
It's as far as it goes!
Faster Tommy. Get us out of here!
Just GO! GO! DAMMIT PUNCH GO!
Why don't you just turn it on and see?
Well it's... This was a device we...  discovered on an alien planet.  We don't know what it does either.
They designed the ship from watching you. So... Take her out Lieutenant...
I think we're going to exit the space port.
What's going on?
Twenty third quadrant of gamma sector.  I can show you on a map.
Wh... Where are we?
That's right... Just keep shaking it out... Here have some gum It helps.
And determination.
... to make sure craft service keeps those little butter cookies and plenty of them-
You said we do appearances together or not at all.'
Fire at will. hI~D  NT. PROTECTOR
Because they're coming right at us.
Get oacK on their tail.
enerao I've host them. The maanetlsm o: the field Is disrupting our onstru- ~ait. There they are
But sir my MEN. The core implosion is not reversible...
The core could be hardwired to overload without much effort.
Lieutenant Lathe I confess I am beginning to feel a bit foolish myself. Chasing across the universe to obtain what is I am now certain a bauble of fiction. Tell me how best to obliterate this vessel? I would like nothing to remain.
Patience Lt. . Patience.
Continue forward sir?
I'd rather not.
Many marriages begin with a certain amount of distance but after a while I believe we could learn to love each other.  Think about it.
I hate and despise you and everything you stand for with all my heart and soul.  I could never forgive what you've done to me and my child.
I know.  Marry me Dana and together we will raise Vigo as our son.  There are many perks that come with being the mother of a living god.  I'm sure he will supply for us a magnificent apartment.  And perhaps a car and free parking.
We don't have a relationship.
Time is running out Dana.  Soon it will be midnight and the city will be mine -- and Vigo's.  Well mainly Vigo's.  But we have a spectacular opportunity to make the best of our relationship.
I don't care who he is.  He's not taking my baby.
Not in this case my dear.  Take a look. That's not Gainsborough's Blue Boy up there. He's Vigo!
Everybody has a choice.
I don't believe we have the luxury of choice.
If this is what the world will be like I don't want to live in it.
No harm will come to the child.  You might even say it's a privilege.  He will be the vessel for the spirit of Vigo.  And you -- well you will be the mother of the ruler of the world.  Doesn't that sound nice?
What do you want with my baby?
Oh I'm sorry.  This is Peter Venkman. Peter Janosz Poha.
Dana aren't you going to introduce me to your friend?
Good night Janosz.
Okay just thought I'd check.  Good night Dana.  Sleep well.  Don't let the bedbugs bite you.
No everything's fine.  Honestly.  Thanks anyway.
Do you need anything?  You want me to come in?
Hello Dana.  I happened to be in the neighborhood and I thought I'd stop by to see if everything's all right with you -- you know with the blackout and everything? Are you okay?  Is the baby all right?
Okay I'll take a raincheck on that.
I'm sorry.  Perhaps some other time.
Every day I ask you and every day you've got something else to do.  Do I have bad breath or something?
Actually I'm not eating lunch today.  I have an appointment.  In fact I'd better go.
We'll be very sorry to lose you.  Perhaps I could take you to lunch today?
Thank you Janosz.  I've learned a lot here but now that my baby's a little older I was hoping to rejoin the orchestra.
You know you are really doing very good work here.  I think soon you may be ready to assist me in some of the more important restorations.
Oh yes I got in a little late this morning Janosz.
Egon I'd rather you didn't mention any of this to Peter if you don't mind.
This is my address and telephone number. Will you call me?
No.  Not that I can recall.
Does he ever mention me?
Venkman?  I think he was borderline for a while there.  Then he crossed the border.
How is he these days?
Occasionally
Do you ever see him?
Okay whatever you think -- but not Venkman.
We'll do the happiness index next.  I'd like to bring Ray in on your case if it's all right with you.
I'm trying to determine whether human emotional states have a measurable effect on the psychomagnetheric energy field.  It's a theory Ray and I were working on when we had to dissolve Ghostbusters.
What are you working on Egon?
I'm not saying you did.  In science we always look for the simplest explanation.
Hundreds of people.  Believe me I didn't imagine this.
That's exactly what you said last week.
Okay that's no problem.
No you didn't Frank.
Didn't I do it?
Thank you Frank.  Oh are you ever going to fix the radiator in my bedroom?  I asked you last week.
That's a good-looking kid you got there Ms. Barrett.
Hiya Oscar.  What do you say slugger?
Thank you Frank.  I'll get the hang of this eventually.
Okay okay.  It's not my job but what the hell.  I'll do you a favor.  He takes the grocery bags from her.
You're also a human being Frank.
I'm not a doorman Miss Barrett.  I'm a building superintendent.
Frank do you think you could give me a hand with these bags?
So what?  It's a free country.  Thanks Lib.
That's a terrible thing to say.
Same difference.
That's not true.  It was 1620.
Finally came to your senses huh?
I think he likes you.  I think I do too.
Don't worry.  Janine has a very special way with children.
Maybe I should call Janine.
Let me jingle you right now.
So why don't you give me a jingle in the year 2000?
Thank you.  If I had that kind of support on a daily basis I could definitely shape up by the turn of the century.
Why do you say things like that?  You're so much better than you know.
I'm not even good for me.
Oh Peter I didn't dump you.  I just had to protect myself.  You really weren't very good for me you know.
All right you want to be real?  So tell me why did you dump me?
For one night in your life do you think it's possible for us to be completely real?
Does that start exactly at midnight tomorrow or could you hold off for a few days maybe?
I want to stop getting involved with men who aren't good for me.
So -- are you making any New Year's resolutions?
I have a hamper?  Next time ask me first okay.  I have more than two grades of laundry.  There're lots of subtle levels between clean and dirty.
I put them in your hamper.  I thought they were dirty.
Did you happen to see some shirts on the floor in here?
Okay but it's not a date.  It's a dinner.
Janine Melnitz are you kidding?  Do I have a vase?  I brought some of your clothes.  Wear something intriguing.  I brought along some interesting possibilities.
Does she know anything about babies?
It's Janine Melnitz from my staff.  She's one of my most valuable employees.
I'm not here to date.  I can't leave Oscar in a strange place with someone I don't know.
Now you get dressed and we go out.  I got a babysitter and everything.  Trust me you need it.
They didn't find anything?  In the bathtub ... the pink ooze ... nothing?  So what do I do now?
Yes I'm very clean.  Did they find anything at my apartment?
Are you all squeaky clean now?
I'll put him down for you.  You are way too short!  And your belly-button sticks out!  You're nothing but a burden to your poor mother!
Thank you.  Poor baby.  I think I should put him down now.
Or we could do that.
How about you on the sofa and me in bed with the baby.
For me it's best if I sleep on my side and you spoon up right behind me with your arms around me.  If we go the other way I'm afraid your hair will be getting in my face all night.
Really?  And how would we handle the sleeping arrangements?
Be careful on that sofa -- it's a butt-biter. But the bed's good and I just changed the sheets so if you get tired feel free.  In fact I think you should definitely plan on spending the night here.
Peter this is very nice but you don't have to do any of this you know.
Bathroom's right here -- let me just tidy up a few things.
Sounds like another slime job ... No they're all right.  They're here now ... Right ... Let me know.
It was full of this awful pink ooze.
We'll take care of that.  Ray Pete.  Listen get over to Dana's right away ... Her bathtub pulled a fast one -- tried to eat the kid.
Peter what about the bathtub?
This is Joe Namath's old number you know. You could get a lot of chicks with this. Just don't pee in it.
I'll get Ray and Egon to check out the bathtub.  You better stay here.
I don't know what to do anymore.
Who could blame him?  Were you wearing this nightgown?
I must be losing my mind.  At the museum today I could have sworn that terrible painting of Vigo looked right at me.
You know if anyone else told me that I'd have serious doubts.  But coming from you I can't honestly say I'm surprised.
Peter the bathtub tried to eat Oscar.
No I just got in -- a couple hours ago. Come on in.  Are we having a pajama party?
I'm sorry.  Were you on your way out?
I'd like to stay but I really don't have time to hang around here.  I'll call you.  Later Johnny!
Good-bye Peter.
I may be wrong but I think you've got a little crush on this guy.
Yeah it's not the kind of thing you'd want to hang in the rec room.  You know what it needs?  A fluffy little white kitten in the corner.
He was also a lunatic and a genocidal madman. I hate this painting.  I've felt very uncomfortable since they brought it up from storage.
As a matter of fact I stopped by to tell you that I haven't forgotten your problem and that we're still on the case.
I'm sure you didn't come here just to talk about art.
I didn't paint it.  I'm just cleaning it. It's an original Ver Meer.  It's worth about ten million dollars.
You're really good you know.
Oh hello Peter.
So this is what you do huh?
I'm El Gato.  I always land on my feet.
You mean you cough up hairballs all over the rug?
Don't worry about me.  I'm like a cat.
Please don't say that.  You won't go to prison.
You are personally responsible.  If I can get conjugal rights will you visit me at Sing Sing?
I wish I could stay.  I feel personally responsible for you being here.
Okay let's take a look.
That's where the buggy stopped.
We definitely had a moment or two.
Brings back a lot of sweet memories doesn't it?  There's our old cash machine.  And the dry cleaners we used to go to.  And the old video store.  We really had some good times didn't we?
I'll supervise.
I'll do it.
Unusual?  I don't know.  I haven't had a lot of experience with babies.
Peter this is serious.  I need to know if you think there's anything unusual about him.
Oscar!  You poor kid!
His name is Oscar.
There's no doubt about it.  He's got his father's looks.  The kid is ugly -- extremely ugly.  And smelly.  You stink!  It's just horrible.  You are the stinkiest baby I ever smelled.  What's his name?
What do you think?
I may have a few personal problems but one thing I am is a total professional.
So what happened to Mr. Right?  I hear he ditched you and the kid and moved to Europe.
I can see that you're still very bitter about us but in the interest of science I'm going to give it my best shot.  Let's go to work boys.
I have.  That's why I didn't call you first.
You know Dana I'm very very hurt that you didn't call me first.  I'm still into all this stuff you know.  Haven't you ever seen my show?
Hello Peter.
Maybe we should discuss this somewhere else.
Peter do you think maybe I have some genetic problem or something that makes me vulnerable to these supernatural things.
I think we hit the honeypot boys.  There's something brewing under the street.
A little to the left.  Right there!  That's where it stopped.
Is this the spot?
No problem.  Always glad to help -- and hug.
Hi Ray.  It's good to see you.  Thanks for coming.
No you can't and I think that's the whole problem with aliens; you just can't trust them. You may get some nice ones occasionally like Starman or E.T. but most of them turn out to be some kind of lizard.  Anyway we're just about out of time.  Next week on 'World of the Psychic' hairless pets.  Until then this is Peter Venkman saying ...  ... Good night.
It may have been a room on the spacecraft made up to look like a room in the Holiday Inn.  I can't be sure Peter.
Your alien had a room in the Holiday Inn?
I received this information from an alien.  I was at the Paramus Holiday Inn I was having a drink in the bar when he approached me and started talking.  Then he must have used some sort of ray or a mind control device because he made me follow him to his room and that's where he told me about the end of the world.
Valentine's Day.  That's got to be a bummer. Where did you get that date Elaine?
According to my sources the world will end on February 14 in the year 2016.
Oh you think so?  Well I've got news for you.  You've got Dracula's brother-in-law in there and he's got my girlfriend and her kid.  Around about midnight tonight when you're partying uptown this guy's going to come to life and start doing amateur head transplants.  And that's just round one.
Look I've had it with you.  Get your stuff together get back in that clown car and get out of here.  This is a city matter and everything's under control.
Now you're talking.
Before you go running to the newspapers with this would you consider telling this slime thing to some people downtown?
Yeah I think the Times might be interested don't you?  The Post might have a lot of fun with it too.
That's quite a story.
Look you stay away from the mayor.  Next fall barring a disaster he's going to be elected governor of this state and the last thing we need is for him to be associated with two-bit frauds and publicity hounds like you and your friends.  You read me?
No that's what I want to talk to the mayor about.  We did a little job for the city a while back and we ended up getting sued screwed and tattooed by deskworms like you.
I know who you are Doctor Venkman.  Busting any ghosts lately?
I'm an old friend of the mayor's.  I just want to say hello to him.
I'm Jack Hardemeyer.  I'm the mayor's assistant. What can I do for you?
Yeah you can get your hand off my chest.
Can I help you?
You're very brave Louis.  Good luck.
Oh yeah sure -- no.  But there's really not much to do here and they might need some back-up at the museum.
I'm not sure this is such a good idea?  Do they know you're doing this?
You're right.  We should stay.
I don't think we should leave her alone.
Should we go?
Motherhood is a very natural instinct for me.  I'd like to have a baby myself. Wouldn't you?
You're really good with children Louis.  I can tell.  Why don't you come here and sit with me?
So they bartered room and board in exchange for housekeeping services which was a good deal for all of them because then they didn't have to withhold tax and social security which I'm not saying is right but it's just a story so I guess it's all right.  I can finish this later if you're tired.
It's really not a bad place.  It just needs a woman's touch.
So these dwarfs had a limited partnership in a small mining operation and then one day a beautiful princess came to live with them.
I can't believe a person could actually live like this.
Oh sure that sounds great.
I'd like to but I told Dr. Venkman I'd babysit.  Do you want to babysit with me?
Janine do you feel like maybe getting something to eat on the way home?
Well good night Louis.
That's very practical.  I hate going out on New Year's Eve too.
No I celebrate at the beginning of my corporate tax year which is March first. That way I beat the crowds.
Have you made any plans yet?  You know tomorrow is New Year's Eve.
Oh no it's just if one of the guys calls in sick or gets hurt.
Why would you want to be a Ghostbuster if you're already an accountant?
I was trying to get that smelly green thing. The guys asked me to help out.  I'm like the fifth Ghostbuster.
What are you doing up here?
Oh migod!  I'm sorry.  I didn't mean to do that.  It was an accident.
Ghostbusters.
Who are you going to call?
Don't worry.  We're not moving.  He is.
It's that darn ghost again!  I don't know what to do anymore.  He just won't leave us alone.  I guess we'll just have to move.
What is it honey?
Oh Johnny.  Did you back the wrong horse.
You pitiful miserable creatures!  You dare to challenge the power of darkness?  Don't you realize what you are dealing with?  He's Vigo!  You are like the buzzing of flies to him.
Not.  Don't leave town and report any change in your address to the proper authorities. We'll be back.
So you see everything is in order is it not?
I'm going to rule out the glue-sniffing theory.  If she says it looked at her it looked at her.  Hey you!  Vigie!  Look at me.  I'm talking to you.  Hey!  Look at me when I'm talking to you.
It must be the chemical fumes in the studio. People start imagining things --
This is the one that looked at Dana.
The Upper West Side.
You know I never got to ask you.  Where you from Johnny?
We got a major creep alert and we're just going down the list.  Your name was first.
Then why have you come?
Dr. Venkman?  Dana is not here.
My pleasure.
I'll let you get back to it.  Nice meeting you.
Well I'd make an exception in this case if I were you.
We don't go around altering valuable paintings Dr. Venkman.
Too bad for the Moldavians.
It's a painting I'm restoring for the new Byzantine exhibition.  It's a self-portrait of Prince Vigo the Carpathian.  He ruled most of Carpathia and Moldavia in the 17th Century.
How are you?  What's that you're working on Johnny?
Pleasure to meet you.  I've seen you on television.
So be it.  On this the day of darkness she will be ours wife to you and mother to me.
Lord Vigo the mother Dana is fine and strong.  I was wondering -- well would it be possible -- if I bring the baby could I have the woman?
The season of evil begins with the birth of the new year.  Bring me the child that I might live again.
I await the word of Vigo.
I command you.
-- the sorrow --
-- the sorrow of Moldavia --
Yes the scourge --
I Vigo the scourge of Carpathia --
On a mountain of skulls in a castle of pain I sat on a throne of blood.  What was will be what is will be no more.  Now is the season of evil.  Find me a child that I might live again.
Command me lord.
I Vigo the scourge of Carpathia the sorrow of Moldavia command you.
You've got to stop them.  Please!
These boys aren't playing around.
Maybe they just want to appeal.
They're the Scoleri Brothers.  I tried them for murder.  They were electrocuted up at Ossining in '48.  Now they want to kill me.
Who are they?
You've got to do something!
Sorry your Honor but when somebody sets me up like that I can't resist.
Keep that up mister and I'll find you in contempt.
Did I forget something?
That's it?  That's all you have to say?
Your honor ladies and gentlemen of the --  audience.  I don't think it's fair to call my clients frauds.  Okay the blackout was a big problem for everybody.  I was stuck in an elevator for about three hours and I had to go to the bathroom the whole time but I don't blame them because once I turned into a dog and they helped me.  Thank you.
Get on with it counselor!
Can I have some of your water?
Your honor may I approach the bench?
Sustained.  Mr. Tully do you have anything to ask this witness that may have some bearing on this case?
Okay let me rephrase that question.  Didn't you once coach a basketball team for underprivileged children?
The witness is leading him.  Sustained.
I let them handle all the little stuff.  I just come in on the big ones.
I thought you were like the fifth Ghostbuster.
Hey!  Wait!  Okay I'll meet you there.
Hi it's really great to meet you guys.  I know this sounds weird but once I had a dream that my grandfather was standing at the foot of my bed but I knew it was impossible because he died and he started to tell me that --
This is my cousin Sherman.  Sherm say hello to the Ghostbusters.  I promised him a ride in the car if he got you out.
Then you should go to the police.  I don't believe in any of that stuff.
I'm telling you we're all going to be in big trouble if we don't do something fast. That ghost guy came and took my friend's baby and we got to get it back.  It's just a scared little baby Sherm.
Yeah I had to give her free dermabrasion for a year.  Forget it Louis.  I could get in a lot of trouble.
I fixed you up with Diane Troxler and she put out didn't she?
You were the one who got me in.
I got you out of those bad tax shelters.
Sherman I've done lots of favors for you.
I'm a dermatologist.  I can't write orders on the psych ward.
Why can't you just have them released? You're a doctor.
I can't do it Louis.  It isn't ethical.  I could lose my license.
Come on Sherm.  You're my cousin.  Do this for me.  I'm begging you.
Well for your sake I hope you're right.  But I think my other guest may disagree with you. Elaine you had another date in mind?
This is not just some money-making scheme!  I didn't just make up the date.  I have a strong psychic belief that the world will end on New Year's Eve.
This year?  That's cutting it a little close isn't it?  I mean just from a sales point of view the book just came out right?  So you're not even looking at the paperback release for maybe a year.  And it's going to be at least another year after that if the thing has movie-of-the-week or mini-series potential. You would have been better off predicting 1992 or even '94 just to be safe.
I predict that the world will end at the stroke of midnight on New Year's Eve.
Okay so can you tell us when it's going to happen or do we have to buy the book?
Well I think it's important for people to know that the world is in danger.
Hi welcome back to the 'World of the Psychic' I'm Peter Venkman and I'm chatting with my guest author lecturer and of course psychic Milton Anglund.  Milt your new book is called The End of the World.  Isn't that kind of like writing about gum disease.  Yes it could happen but do you think anybody wants to read a book about it?
No I guess I'm just saying that shit happens and somebody has to deal with it.
So what are you saying?  That the world of the supernatural is your special province?
I had my fingers crossed when they swore me in but I'm going to tell you the truth. There are things in this world that go way beyond human understanding things that can't be explained and that most people don't want to know about anyway.  That's where we come in.
I'll ask you again Dr. Venkman.  Why were you digging the hole?  And please remember that you're under oath.
Seventy-seventh and First Avenue has so many holes already we didn't think anyone would notice.
So Dr. Venkman please explain to the court why it is you and your co-defendants took it upon yourselves to dig a big hole in the middle of the street.
Objection.  Irrelevant and immaterial.
Yes I did.  We were city champs.
Ostrov?  I've been there.  Good party town.
They came from Ostrov in Eastern Poland.
From where -- Neptune?
It's probably the first thing my grandparents saw when they came to this country.
Pretty impressive huh?
I'm worried.  The vibrations could shake her to pieces.  We should have padded her feet.
So far so good.
They love you Lib.  Keep it up.
It's working.  The positive GeV's are climbing.
This won't wait until tomorrow Venkman. It's hot and it's ready to pop.
Boys listen.  You're scaring the straights. Let's save this until tomorrow okay?
Roach breeding?  Sounds better and better.  Dana?  The boys are going down under the sewers tonight to look for slime.  Egon thinks there might even be some kind of big roach-breeding surge.  Should we forget about dinner and go with them instead?
You know animals and lower life forms often anticipate major disasters.  Given the new magnetheric readings we could see a tremendous breeding surge in the cockroach population.
It's a rough translation from the Moldavian.
A hundred and five years?  He really hung on didn't he.
You need the exercise.
You were supposed to help me with this.
I knew that.
That's a thousand million electron volts.
Finding something abnormal on the street shouldn't be too hard.
I think we should see if we can find anything abnormal on the street.
What now Brainiac?
Yeah you would.  Is that for personal or professional reasons?
I'd like to have a stool specimen
I don't even want to know where that is.
I think they're more interested in my epididymis.
How've you been?  How's teaching?  I bet those science chicks really dig that big cranium of yours huh?
Hello Venkman.
Do it!  Just do it!
Don't shoot!  You'll hit Ray!
Something good --
Something that appeals to the best in each and every one of us --
We need something that everyone can get behind a symbol --
I can't believe things have gotten so bad in this city that there's no way back. Sure it's crowded it's dirty it's noisy. And there are too many people who'd just as soon step on your face as look at you.  But there've got to be a few sparks of sweet humanity left in this burned-out burg.  We just have to mobilize it.
It won't work.  There's no way we could generate enough positive energy to crack that shell.
Butt out you pencil-necked geek.  I've had it with you.
If you two are looking for a fight you got one.  Who wants it first?  Come on Ray.  Try me sucker.
Nine feet -- ten --
That's it.  It's on the bottom.
Six feet -- seven -- eight --
And we're the ...
I'm Egon --
It may be ebbing and flowing from some tidal source.
Hey I didn't imagine it.  There must have been ten thousand gallons of it down there.
Seems like a pretty open-minded guy huh?
What's the reading?
This is about as deep as you can go under Manhattan without digging your own hole.
The New York Pneumatic Railway.  It was an experimental subway system.  Fan-forced air-trains built around 1870.
Why don't we try the Giga-meter?
Nothing.  Not a trace.
You might want to check those Duke University mean averaging studies on controlled psychokinesis.
This one's interesting.  Berlin 1939 a flower cart took off by itself and rolled approximately half a kilometer over level ground.  Three hundred eyewitnesses.
Some crank.  Looking for goat hooves.  Come up with anything?
Who was that?
There's something very familiar about this painting.
Late Renaissance I think.  Caravaggio or Brunelleschi.
And it's all flowing toward the museum.
Rivers of the stuff!
No the slime is rising.
Is the line sinking?
I'd put my money on that Vigo character.
There's definitely something going on in that studio.  The PKE levels were max-plus and the Giga-meter was showing all red.
You mean this stuff actually feeds on 'bad vibes'?
We've found it at every event site we've been to lately.
Me?  I'm a little of everything.  Some Irish some German some French Dutch -- the women in my family slept around.  And that's what made this country great.
What's your story Pete?
Oh right you told me that.  They came to America seeking other kinds of cheese as I recall.  How about you Winston?
My great-grandparents were Swiss.  I still have the pictures they took of the statue from the boat when they arrived.
Yeah and a lot easier to get to than that island.
I think she looks pretty good here don't you?
The whole city's together on this one.  We took a vote.  Everybody's down on you you know.
Vigi Vigi Vigi -- you have been a bad little monkey.
She's new in town.
We're almost there Lib.  Step on it.
I don't think they make Nikes in her size.
Are you kidding?  We'll hit all that bridge traffic at 59th.  I'm going to take 72nd straight up to Fifth.  Trust me I used to drive a cab.
I'll keep to the middle of the channel. We're okay to 59th Street then we'll go ashore and take First Avenue to 79th.
Only one way to find out.  Ready Teddy?
I hope we have enough stuff to do the job.
Good effort.  Now what?  Should we say supportive nurturing things to it Ray?
Forget it.  The Vienna Boys Choir couldn't get through this stuff.
I hate Jello.
It looks like a giant Jello mold.
It's all over the city Pete -- well under it actually.
Yeah sorry I missed it.  I guess you guys didn't know about the dress code here.  It's really kind of a coat and tie place.
You should've been there Venkman. Absolutely incredible!
Okay but you're missing all the fun.
I think we're going to have to pass on the sewer trip boys.  Let me know what you find out.
Darn it!  I wish I'd known you were going. I'm stuck with these damn dinner reservations.
We're going down into the sewer system to see if we can trace the source of the psycho-reactive slime flow.  We thought you might want to come along.
Don't tell me let me guess.  All-you-can-eat barbecue rib night at the Sizzler?
You just picked up three penalty points on your driver's license.
What happened?
I'll get one more reading.
Beautiful beautiful.  Work with me baby. Just have fun with it.  Okay he's playing it cool.  Let's finish up and get out of here.
Nothing.  Just some mood-slime residue in and around the bathtub.  But we did turn up some interesting stuff on this Vigo character you mentioned.  I found the name Vigo the Carpathian in Leon Zundinger's Magicians Martyrs and Madmen.  Listen to this:
Did you find anything at Dana's?
You're not sleeping with this stuff are you?
Well we sing to it we talk to it we say supportive nurturing things --
What kind of tests?
We're running tests to see if we can get an equally strong positive reaction.
Like a goat on garbage.
'Mood slime.'  We ought to bottle this stuff and sell it.
This is an incredible breakthrough Venkman. A psychoreactive substance!  Whatever this is it clearly responds to human emotional states.
This is what you do with your spare time?
No I'm just restoring it to its normal state.
And now you're going to eat it?
It's not that thing you do with your nostrils is it?
Oh good you're here.  Spengler and I have something really amazing to show you.
If he wasn't dead he'd be an Olympic prospect.
You know he ran that last lap in under six minutes?
I guess so Pete because that's not all. Tell them what else we've got Egon.
Hold on Ray!  Half-price!  Have you gone crazy?
Careful Winston.  He's a mean one.  And to celebrate our grand reopening we're giving you twice the value with our special half-price 'Welcome Back' service plan.
I'm Peter --
Okay let's heat 'em up!
Geez I forgot how heavy these things are.
Relax.  We're going to keep this whole thing nice and quiet low key no profile.
Hey hey hey stresshound!  Are you nuts? If anybody found out about this we'd be in serious trouble.  The judge couldn't have been clearer - no ghostbusting.
I love this.  We're onto something really big.  I can smell it Ray.  We're going to make some headlines with this one.
Egon and I have been working on a gauge to measure psychomagnetheric energy in GEVs - giga electron volts.
What's that?
It's an interesting one Pete.  If anything was going on it's totally subdued now.
Well Holmes what do you think?
Dana!  Dana Barrett!
Aaah!  Nobody!  I can't tell you!
Who?  Who?  Who?
Who?  Just -- someone we know.
Oh just checking something for an old friend.
Great.  So what are you guys working on?
Uh I can't.  I'm kind of working on something.
Nowhere -- fast.  Why don't you lock up and buy me a sub?
I knew that voice sounded familiar.  What's up?  How's it going?
So no goat hooves huh?
Oh hiya Pete.
Oh hello perhaps you could help me.  I'm looking for an aerosol love potion I could spray on a certain Penthouse Pet that would make her unconditionally submit to an unusual personal request.
Groovy.  I've never felt better in my life.
Ray -- Ray -- How do you feel man?
I've lived in New York all my life and I never visited the Statue of Liberty.  Now I finally get here and we're taking her out for a walk.
She's moving!
Don't you see?  It's the slime.  That stuff is like pure concentrated evil.
What are we doing?  Ray I was ready to kill you.
Oh yeah?  Anytime anytime.  Just go ahead and try it.
You better watch your mouth man or I'll punch your lights out.
Look Zeddemore it wasn't my fault you were too stupid to drop that line.
Nice going Ray!  What were you trying to do -- drown me?
Yeah I guess so.  It was the strangest thing.  I knew what I was doing but I couldn't stop.  This really terrible feeling came over me and -- I don't know -- I just felt like driving into that tree and ending it all.  Whew!  Sorry boys.
Are you all right?
Well don't think!
No I just thought --
Are you telling me how to drive?
No I'm fine.  I just got light-headed for a second there.  Let's go.
Are you all right?  You coming down with something?
What?  Yeah.
You finished here?
Huh?  What?
Now that's one ugly dude.
You got a flux and a half.
I guess he wasn't too popular at the end there.
And he didn't die of old age either.  He was poisoned stabbed shot hung stretched disemboweled drawn and quartered.
It likes all the sappy stuff: 'Cumbaya' 'Everything is Beautiful' 'It's a Small World' -- but it loves Jackie Wilson.
Does it have any favorites?
Yeah but what a ride.  You can't make a hamburger without chopping up a cow.
Yeah what did we do Ray?  The last real job we had we bubbled up a hundred foot marshmallow man and blew the top three floors off an uptown highrise.
Ungrateful little Yuppie larvae.  After all we did for this city.
Give it up Ray.  You're living in the past. Ghostbusters doesn't exist anymore.  In a year these kids won't even remember who we are.
Come on Winston.  We can't quit now.  The holidays are coming up.  It's our best season.
That's it Ray.  I've had it.  No more parties. I'm tired of taking abuse from over-privileged nine-year-olds.
Then let's do it.
Miss Blue Blood?  Her family's been here since the year 12.
My people weren't taking any pictures from those slave ships man.  And there wasn't any Statue in Charleston Harbor to welcome them either.  What are you Dana?
It's okay.  I have my Senior Lifesaving card.
How deep does it get?  That water's cold and I can't swim.
If she's naked under that toga.  She's French you know.
Wonder what?
Kind of makes you wonder doesn't it?
And decent.
And pure --
You think all those predictions about the world coming to an end in the 1990s are true?
It better not start yet.  I'm trying to finish my potholder before lunch.
I don't think he's ready for the toaster.
Tell him about the toaster.
So we'll put a warning on the label.
Right and the first time someone gets mad their toaster will eat their hand.
I don't care what you say.  This could be a major Christmas gift item.
What's the matter dear?
Uuuuuuugh!!
Hey sweetheart will you CUT THAT OUT!!!
Have I done the right thing?
To the bathroom where do you think?
Now where are you going?
I didn't break your precious clock Roy!
Nice going honey.  It was brand new.
Roy?  Your clock broke.
Well thanks a lot.
I don't know.  It probably would've been the same.
Aren't you glad we waited?
Eight o'clock?
Okay.  Just give me a second here.  I have to leave now but if you've got some time I'd like you to come back this evening and do some more work with me.
Definitely.  I think you may be a very gifted telepath.
Do you think I have it Dr. Venkman?
Well I guess some people have it and some don't.
Well you're doing great.  Keep it up.
No.  They're just coming to me.
Incredible!  Five for five.  You're not cheating on me here are you?
Ummm -- figure eight?
Ready?  What is it?
It is a star!  That's great.  You're very good.
Is it a star?
All right what happened to me?
I'm innocent!  Honest Dana.  I never touched you.  Not that I remember anyway.
Oh sure.  I'm getting used to this.
Are you the Gatekeeper?
I got the Twister game for later ...
Fine Louis.  We'll stop in for a drink.
Great!  Bring her too.  But you better hurry.  I made nachos with non-fat cheese and they're almost gone.  I'll make some more though.
Well actually Louis I have a friend coming by.
Hey it's crazy in here.  You're missing a classic party.
Oh Dana it's you.
I thought I turned it off.  I guess I forgot.
You know you shouldn't leave your TV on so loud when you go out.  That creep down the hall phoned the manager.
Oh that's nice Louis.  I'll stop by if I'm around.
Okay.  I'll take a raincheck.  I always have plenty of mineral water and other nutritious health foods but you know that.  Listen that reminds me I'm having a party for all my clients.  It's gonna be my fourth anniversary as an accountant.  I know you fill out your own tax return but I'd like you to come being that you're my next door neighbor and all ...
No thanks Louis.  I'm really tired.  I've been rehearsing all morning.
Are you sick Louis?
... I thought it was the drug store.
Oh Dana it's you ...
Talk to my accountant. 
This is going to cost you you know.  Our fees are ridiculously high.
Thank you.  Next time I want to break a lease I'll know who to call.
Yeah along with most of your furniture and a lot of your personal possessions.  This one took some work.
Really!  Is it gone?
Nothing!  We just got rid of that thing in your kitchen.
Whoa!! Nice voice.
There is no Dana.  I am Zuul.
Right ... You're the Gatekeeper.  But I want Dana.  Dana speak to me ...
I am Zuul.  I am ...
I don't know.  You've got two people in there already.  It could get a little crowded.  I want you to close your eyes and relax.  Now I'm going to speak to Dana and I want Dana to answer.
I want you inside me.
Actually it's more of a policy than a rule.
Take me now.
Well I'll just use it for a while and get it right back to you.
Do you want this body?
Really?  Can't wait to meet him.  As long as we're waiting for him I'd really like to try something with you -- in the bedroom.
He is the Destructor.
Okay I'll help you.  Should we make some dip or something?
We must prepare for the coming of Gozer.
I am Zuul.  I am the Gatekeeper.
Hey Dana.  What is it?  What happened?
I've got to go now.
I'll pick you up at your place.  I'll bring along the Roylance Guide -- we can read after we eat.
All right.  Since you put it that way.
You think I enjoy giving up my evenings to spend time with clients?  I'm making an exception because I respect you as an artist and as a dresser.
I don't think so.  I'm busy Thursday night.
I'm checking on that.  I think we should meet Thursday night at nine to talk about it.
What's he doing in my refrigerator.
Well the name Zuul refers to a demi-god worshipped around 6000 B.C. by the ... What's that say?
You must have gotten the last copy.
Can't you tell me now?
Yes but I have to tell you in private at a fine restaurant.
He is a very close friend.  Do you have some explanation of what happened in my apartment?
Is he dying or something?
Who's the stiff?
I know.  You're quite a celebrity these days.  Are you here because you have info ... about my case?
I don't have to take abuse from you.  I have other people dying to give it to me.
Most people can't hear me with the whole orchestra playing.  You're good.
You're the best one in your row.
You heard it?
Great rehearsal.
Okay.  Then I'll go.
Okay okay.  But if anything else happens you have to promise you'll call me.
Then leave.
Don't scream.
I'll scream.
I want to help you.
On a purely scientific basis.
That's it.  Get out.
I think I should spend the night here.
All right.  What do you want to do?
I'm a qualified psychologist.  I've got a degree and everything.  I believe that something happened here and I want to do something about it.
Thanks.  Coming from you that really means a lot to me.
If it's any comfort to you I don't think you're crazy.
This is terrible.  Either there's a monster in my kitchen or I'm completely crazy.
There's nothing there now and I don't get any significant readings.
Are you all right?
I know.  It happened by itself.
I told you I ...
You're quite a housekeeper.
I'll wait here if you don't mind.
Well let's check it out.
Nothing.  Is that the kitchen?
That's too bad.
Thanks.  What's in there?
Like a used car salesman.
No?  What do I act like?
You really don't act like a scientist.
Yeah but it's got a great cello break.
That's a violin concerto.
I'd have to say Prokofiev's third concerto.
Really?  Do you have a favorite piece?
You play the cello!  It's my favorite instrument.
No.  If I moved out now I'd be acknowledging that what happened was real.  I'm not ready to do that.
Have you ever thought of moving out -- at least until this disturbance blows over?
No just that one word -- Zuul -- but I have no idea what it means.
It's in the stars.
Is that your professional opinion?
Some people like the attention.  Some people are just crazy.
Why would anyone make up a thing like that?
So what do you think it was?
... and then I opened the door again but it was gone.  There was nothing there.
Barrett.  Dana Barrett.
We're all professionals here Miss ...
Yes ... well ... I'm not sure.  What I have to say may sound a little ... unusual.
Hello.  I'm Peter Venkman.  May I help you?
But why?  The students love us!
Fine.  This University will no longer continue any funding of any kind for your group's activities.
This is preposterous!  I demand an explanation.
No we're moving you OFF CAMPUS.  The Board of Regents has decided to terminate your grant.  You are to vacate these premises immediately.
I trust you're moving us to a better space somewhere on campus.
That would definitely explain it.
I wonder if there might not be a very large cup of hot chocolate somewhere in the area.
You have to wonder why anybody would dump a marshmallow that size right in the middle of the street.
Yeah it's some kind of mallow-type substance - that's for sure.
Well that definitely looks like marshmallow to me.
Definitely some sort of fighting Spaniel I think.
He's a big one.  You don't want to mess with that particular breed.
That is one speedy mutt.
We'll get back to you.
Did you see it?  What was it?
Back off man!  I'm a scientist!
What's that got to do with it?
One thing at a time.  We don't even know what it is yet.
Thank you for coming.  I'd appreciate it if we could take care of this quickly and quietly.
Yes.  I'm Dr. Venkman and this is Dr. Stantz.
Hello I'm Roger Delacorte - the Head Librarian.  Are you the men from the University?
Keep it anyway.  I have another one at home.
I don't believe in luck.
It's a souvenir from the 1964 World's Fair at Flushing Meadow.  It's my lucky coin.
What is it?
I want you to have this. 
That's so romantic.
I don't care.  I see us as tiny parts of a vast organism like two bacteria living on a rotting speck of dust floating in an infinite void.
In the physical sense.
Die in what sense?
Egon there's something very strange about that man.  I'm very psychic usually and right now I have this terrible feeling that something awful is going to happen to you.  I'm afraid you're going to die.
Remind me not to go to lunch with you.
I think it's the food of the future.
Oh that's very - unusual.
I collect spores molds and fungus.
It's a great game!  You should play sometime.  I bet you'd be good.  You seem very athletic.  Do you have any hobbies?
Is that a game?
That's very fascinating to me.  I read a lot myself.  Some people think I'm too intellectual.  But I think reading is a fabulous way to spend your spare time.  I also play racketball.  Do you ever play?
Print is dead.
You're very handy I can tell.  I bet you like to read a lot too.
Oh really?  Well I've quit better jobs than this one believe me.
Janine I'm sure a woman with your qualifications would have no trouble finding a top flight job in the housekeeping or food service industry.
I didn't ask him.  All I know is that I haven't had a break in two weeks and you promised you'd hire more help.
The EPA?  What's he want?
And someone from the EPA is here to see you.
Here are tonight's calls.
Here's the paper on the Brooklyn job.  She paid with a Visa card.
What calls?
Why don't you step into the office and we'll talk about it.  Hold all my calls Janine.
Yes sir.  Don't worry.  We handle this kind of thing all the time.
Heavens no!  The owners don't like us to even talk about it.  I hoped we could take care of this quietly tonight.
Did you ever report it to anyone?
Well most of the original staff knows about the twelfth floor ... The disturbances I mean ... But it's been quiet for years ... Up until two weeks ago ... It was never ever this bad though.
Has this ever happened before?
Thank you for coming so quickly.  The guests are starting to ask questions and I'm running out of excuses.
... or you can accept the fact that this city is heading for a disaster of really Biblical proportions.
Mr. Mayor it's a pretty simple choice. You can believe Mr. Pecker here ...
Probably a mixture of gases no doubt stolen from the Army ...
The man is a psychopath Your Honor.
See!  They are using drugs.
You turned off the power!  Look there was another man here ... You have to find him and bring him back.  A short determined-looking guy with the eyes of a happy zombie.
Forget it Venkman.  You had your chance to cooperate but you thought it was more fun to insult me.  Now it's my turn smart-ass.
At ease Officers.  I'm Peter Venkman.  I think there's been some kind of misunderstanding here and I want to cooperate in every way I can.
Hey!  Make yourself useful!  Go save a tree!
Have it your way Mr. Venkman.
Go ahead!  Get a court order.  Then I'm gonna sue your ass off for wrongful prosecution.
Well because I'm curious.  I want to know more about what you do here.  Frankly there have been a lot of wild stories in the media and we want to assess any possible environmental impact from your operation. For instance the storage of noxious possibly hazardous waste materials in your basement.  Now either you show me what's down there or I come back with a court order.
Why do you want to see it?
May I please see the storage facility?
And what is the magic word Mr. Venkman?
Because you didn't say the magic word.
And why not Mr. Venkman?
No you may not.
And may I see this storage facility?
Yes it would.
And would this storage facility be located on these premises?
In a storage facility.
And where do you put these ghosts once you catch them?
I'm not at liberty to say.
And how many ghosts have you caught Mr. Venkman?
You could say that.
I see.  And now you catch ghosts?
I have Ph.D's in psychology and parapsychology.
Exactly what are you a doctor of Mr. Venkman?
Yes I'm Doctor Venkman.
Are you Peter Venkman?
Great!  How's it going?
I'm Walter Peck.  I represent the Environmental Protection Agency Third District.
Can I help you?
Then my theory was correct.
I'll tell you the effect!  It pisses me off!
I'm studying the effect of negative reinforcement on ESP ability.
Yeah but I didn't know you were going to give me electric shocks.  What are you trying to prove?
You volunteered didn't you?  Aren't we paying you for this?
Hey!  I'm getting a little tired of this.
Sorry.  This isn't your day.
Two wavy lines?
Well just 75 more to go.  What's this one?
Yes.  I don't like this.
Close -- but definitely wrong.
Good guess -- but no.
All right.  What is it?
On Earth -- no.  But on Krypton we could slice him up like Oscar Mayer Bologna.
Wait!  Wait!  Let me ask you something.  If you like shot Superman with those guns would he feel it or what?
I couldn't do that.  You might hurt someone.
Yeah yeah.  I just want to see 'em.
They're not guns.  They're particle throwers.
Hey Mister!  Can I see those guns?
When you were in the bathroom did you notice anything that was yellow and unusually smelly?
You're a regular Sherlock Holmes.  Now what do you want?
The wet towels residual moisture on your lower limbs and hair the redness in your cheeks indicating ...
What on earth gave you that idea?
Were you recently in the bathroom?
But it's my favorite state.
Life is just a state of mind.
No!  You said crossing the beams would be BAD.  It'll kill her!  And us!
No!  Them!  Shoot them!  Cross the beams.
On the count of three!  One ... Two ...
Full-stream with strogon pulse.
Get a grip on yourself Egon.  I talked to Dana Barrett and she referred to Gozer as the Destructor.
You talked to Gozer?
Yes.  After the First World War Shandor decided that society was too sick to survive.  And he wasn't alone.  He had close to a thousand followers when he died.  They conducted rituals bizarre rituals intended to bring about the end of the world.
Let me guess -- Gozer Worshippers.
Of course!  Ivo Shandor  I saw his name in Tobin's SPIRIT GUIDE.  He started a secret society in 1920.
Where's the Keymaster?
If you turn that thing off we won't be responsible for the consequences.
He wants to shut down the storage grid.
All right Peter.  Good night.
I'll spend the night here and get back first thing in the morning.
All right.  I'll try.
You have to keep him there.  Do whatever you have to but don't let him leave  He could be very dangerous.
Yeah yeah.  I was just thinking.  It probably wouldn't be a good idea for them to get together at this point.
Some.  I just met the Keymaster.  He's here with me now.  Venkman?  Are you there?
I don't think so.  It's more of that Gozer thing.  She says she's the Gatekeeper.  Does that make any sense to you?
Does she want to be?
I'm with Dana Barrett and she's floating three feet off the bed.
What is it?
It's Peter Egon.  I've got a problem.
It's hard to explain but try to imagine all life as you know it stopping instantaneously and finding yourself confined forever in another dimension.
Trust me.  It will be bad.
Don't cross the beams.
Wait!  Wait!  There's something I forgot to tell you.
Yeah I can smell it.
Something was definitely here.
Didn't see anything  Didn't get anything. Nice girl - no ghost.  I'm starting to worry.  You said your graph was pointing to something big.  You told me things were going to start popping.
Did you see anything?
She's telling the truth -- or at least she thinks she is.
Generally you don't see that kind of behavior in a major appliance.  What do you think Egon?
Will you guys relax?  We are on the threshold of establishing the indispensable defense science of the next decade - Professional Paranormal Investigations and Eliminations.  The franchise rights alone will make us wealthy beyond your wildest dreams.
Just for your information Ray the interest payments alone for the first five years come to over $75000.
I'm always serious.
Spengler are you serious about actually catching a ghost?
Egon somehow this reminds me of the time you tried to drill a hole in your head.  Do you remember that?
Oh this is big Peter.  This is very big. There's definitely something here.
What have you got Egon?
Oh!  You're here.
That appears to be the case.
You mean if I stand here and concentrate on the image of Roberto Clemente Gozer will appear as Roberto Clemente and wipe us out?
And look at this Peter  Cold-riveted girders with selenium cores.
Look at the structure of the roof cap.  It looks exactly like the kind of telemetry tracker NASA uses to identify dead pulsars in other galaxies.
The storage facility blew.  This one ...  ... shut off the protection grid.
What happened??!!!?
I'm worried Ray.  It's getting crowded in there.  And all my recent data points to something big on the bottom.
I need two new purge valves.  How's the grid around the storage facility holding up?
I've got to sleep.
Neutronize.  System shut.
Set entry grid.
Easy ... Easy ... I'm going to throw in my trap now.
It's working!
God it's ugly!
Ray!  Where are you?  Are you all right?
We'd better adjust our streams.
Sorry Buddy!
I blame myself.
I just realized something.  We've never had a completely successful test with any of the equipment.
Or even a race memory stored in the collective unconscious.  And I wouldn't rule out clairvoyance or telepathic contact either.
You know Peter this could be a past life experience intruding on the present.
Great!  The marshmallows are about to get their revenge.
The Stay-Puft Marshmallow Man!  He was on all the packages we used to buy when I was a kid.  We used to roast Stay-Puft marshmallows at Camp Waconda!
AND YOU CAME UP WITH THAT?
What?  What popped in there?
I couldn't help it!  It just popped in there!
Forget the trapping!  Just blast him!
Agile bastard isn't he?
Well that ought to do it.
As a duly-constituted representative of the City of New York and on behalf of the County and State of New York the United States of America the Planet Earth and all its inhabitants I hereby order you to cease and desist any and all supernatural activity and return at once to your place of origin or next parallel dimension.
I don't think it's Shandor.
It doesn't seem to have slowed him down any.
He's listed on the blueprints as I. Shandor.
Who was the architect?
No!  Nobody ever built them like this!  The architect was either an authentic whacko or a certified genius.  The whole building is like a huge antenna for pulling in and concentrating psychokinetic energy.
I guess they don't build them like they used to huh?
It's not good Pete.
Egon how's the grid around the storage facility holding up?
I can't take much more of this.  The pace is killing me.
Boy that was a rough one.
I don't know.  I'm just guessing.
How do you know?
Don't move.  It won't hurt you.
It's here Ray.  It's looking at me.
Well hurry up.  The needle's going wild.
Sit tight.  I'm on my way.
Third floor.  Get down here
Where are you Pete?
Ray -- Something's here.
All right.  Let's cool the negative vibes. These things can sense them.
So far all we got is a shit smell on the twelfth floor and we almost fried a Puerto Rican bellboy.
I'm getting high readings near the air vents.  It must be using the duct system to get around.  See I told you we'd get something.
Sure.  Each of us is wearing an unlicensed nuclear accelerator on our back.  No problem.
No sense worrying about it now.
Do you know when that might be?  We're on the brink of a very serious cash-flow problem.
It wasn't a date.  It was an investigation.
How was your date?
Good idea.  Were any other words spoken that you remember?
Why don't I check out the building?  It may have a history of psychic turbulence.
Fourteen hundred.
Do you think it's wide enough?  How much?
Everybody can relax.  I found the car.  How do you like it?
Wow!  Does this pole still work?
Maybe.  But no one ever advertised before.
But most people are afraid to even report these things.
But at nineteen percent interest!  You didn't even bargain with the guy.
You're not going to lose the house. Everybody has three mortgages these days.
My parents left me that house I was born there.
You'll never regret this Ray.
To go into business for ourselves.
For what purpose?
Let me tell you Ray everything in life happens for a reason.  Call it fate call it luck Karma whatever.  I think we were destined to get kicked out of there.
Do you know what a patent clerk makes?  I liked the University.  They gave us money they gave us the facilities and we didn't have to produce anything!  I've worked in the private sector.  They expect results. You've never been out of college.  You don't know what it's like out there.
You're always so worried about your reputation.  We don't need the University. Einstein did his best stuff while he was working as a patent clerk.'They can't stop progress.
This is like a major disgrace.  Forget M.I.T. or Stanford now ... they wouldn't touch us with a three-meter cattle prod.
Ray I apologize.  I guess my confidence in the Regents was misplaced.  They did this to Galileo too.
You said you floored 'em at the Regents' meeting.
Yeah but I introduced you guys.  You never would've met if not for me.  That's got to be worth something.
If anyone deserves it it's Spengler and me. We're doing all the hard research and designing the equipment.
If you guys are right if we can actually trap a ghost and hold it somehow I think I could win the Nobel Prize.
Oh yeah.  This could be bigger than the microchip.  They'll probably throw out the entire engineering department and turn their building over to us.  We're probably the first serious scientists to ever molest a dead old lady.
I guess I got a little overexcited.  Wasn't it incredible!  I'm telling you this is a first.  You know what this could mean to the University?
Okay.  Okay.  I got it.  I know what to do. Stay close.  I have a plan.
Hey Lady?  Lady!  Can you talk?  Who are you?   This is not working.  Think of something else.
Anything!  Just make contact.
What do I say?
I don't know.  Talk to it.
What do we do now?
I told you it's real.
It looks like a big pair of breasts and a pot belly.
What is it?
Uh-huh.  I've heard about the rockfall Ray. I think you've been spending too much time with Spengler.
Well I was at an unexplained multiple high-altitude rockfall once.
Looked at with your eyes.
Ray as your friend I have to tell you I think you've really gone around the bend on this ghost stuff.  You've been running your ass off for two years checking out every schizo in the Five Boroughs who thinks he's had an experience.  And what have you seen?
Spengler and I have charted every psychic occurrence in the Tri-State area for the past two years.  The graph we came up with definitely points to something big.
No this one's for real Peter.  Spengler went down there and took some PKE readings. Right off the top of the scale.  Buried the needle.  We're close this time. I can feel it.
Sure.  That's great Ray.  I think you should get down there right away and check it out.  Let me know what happens.
Peter at 1:40 this afternoon at the main branch of the New York Public Library on Fifth Avenue ten people witnessed a free-roaming vaporous full-torso apparition.  It blew books from shelves at twenty feet away.  Scared the socks off some poor librarian.
Excuse me for a minute.  Ray I'm right in the middle of something here.  Can you come back in about an hour?
What's he talking about?  Choose what?
LATER MAN!!
Stantz?  You okay in there?
Right.  We'll believe anything.
You don't have to worry about that with us sir.
Well has it ever occurred to you that the reason you've been so busy lately is because the dead have been rising from their graves?
Every ancient religion had its own myth about the end of the world.
Yeah Judgement Day.
Judgement Day ...
Right.  And the sky would fall ...
And the seas would boil ...
Ray do you remember something in the Bible about a day when the dead would rise up from their graves?
The whole roof cap was fabricated with a magnesium-tungsten alloy.
Me too. Parts of the Bible are great.
No.  But I liked Jesus' style.
Do you believe in God?
Boy!  Solid cores of shielded Selenium .325.
Are you a Christian Ray?
Uh ... Oh these are blueprints of the structural ironwork in Dana Barrett's apartment building ... And they're most unusual.
Hey man.  What is it you're so involved with there?
Yeah I heard that.  Now tell me what you really do.
Very impressive resume.  Electronic countermeasures Strategic Air Command ... Black belt in Karate ... Small arms expert ... Mr. Zeddemore as you may have heard we locate ghosts and spirits trap them with streams of concentrated quantum energy and remove them from people's homes offices and places of worship.
I'll go.  We'll both go.  Far away.
You have to go.  He'll never stop. Leave this place.  Find another.
I want to talk.  I just learned again.
Shhh... don't talk.
He wanted me to see -- he thinks I was -- infected by you.
Do you still want me to stay?
You want me to stay?
Before... when I was one of them. I would look at this and it was just strangers.  Now I... remember.
That's who you are too Emma.
I don't know.
What's inside?
Have you looked inside?
I don't know.
Have you always had it?
I know it.  What do you want Robert?
We don't know that --
Will you keep feeding me?  How long can you live like that?  Until it kills you?  Until I kill you? Without your blood I'll go back.
You know what I mean.
What do you mean?
What do you want?
If I'm a hunter it's because you taught me to be!
You are The Human.  The Hunter.  The thing that comes in the day and kills --
I only protect myself -- !
You hunt us like animals -- do you know how many you have slaughtered?!
What choice did I have -- ?!
You're not them.
Why don't you start with me?
You want to kill them.
You want to find them.
Where you lived with them.
Do you remember where it is?
Who is this?
Dark and large.  With vines -- no not vines.  Not alive.
When you're here in the city where do you live?
We move.  Place to place.
What about... now?
It was warm.  I was outside.  The ocean?
Do you remember where you lived?
It comes back.  Flashes.  My name.
How much do you remember?
Do you want to go on?
Are you all right?
Listen to me my blood somehow... helped you.  It could help all of you.  We could find some way to --
It is not arguing to speak the truth.
My name is Robert.
That is not now human!
You lived like this once.
I can't live like you do -- all your machines and -- cold metal and sharp corners --
You -- think I am -- I'm --  -- an animal.
Stay alive.
That sounds charming.  What are you planning to do tomorrow?
They are... sinister.  They want to kill me.
Tell me about the interesting people you met won't you?
Yesterday.  They're back.  Haven't seen them for a few months.  I have to be careful.
That sounds charming.  Did you meet any interesting people today?
Busy.  I went swimming and prepared a new vehicle.  A big vehicle.
Good evening.  Did you have a pleasant day today?
Virginia...?
The more we plant the more that'll grow and the happier --
Well it's not supposed to be done anyway.
It's never gonna be done.  You love puttering out there too much.
Besides if we get a lot of work done this summer it'll be done.
I surrender --
Yeah but when your mother came what's the first thing you showed her?
You and that damned garden.
It was at Diane's party in Malibu and I had just broken up with Todd and I was loaded for bear any man who had the nerve to come at me -- watch out.  So you come sauntering in -- you know that saunter you do. That watch out baby here comes Mr. Smooth thing.
I remember the first time we met. Do you remember that?
Round back.
I guess you could say that.
You built things.
I'm am architect.  I'm working on a site back in --
So what do you do?
You got that right.
Hell of a night.
That's fine.
Only got one kind.
Need some gas?
Better now son?
I was so scared.
I know Ellen.  We'll settle down soon.
It was all made of stuff that's happened to you in the last few days.  The sand pit in back of the house and the meteor shower and meeting your teacher and the colonel at school and being afraid of the new kids because you don't know them ...
It was so real Dad.
That's a doozy of a dream son.
... And then everything blew up. And then I woke up.
First lemme look at your necks.
What Jim what?
I had an awful dream.
Was there anything over the hill?
I lost it.  It's kind of muddy out there.
Sure ... fine.
Are you all right Dad?
I'll go take a look when the rain lets off.
I don't know Dad.  But it was big.
Are you sure you saw that?  In the rain -- it may have <u>looked</u> like it changed shape --
It was -- it was -- it changed shape. First it was big and round then it was flat then it was long and thin.
What did it look like?
It was big -- and it glowed -- and it went down over there -- behind the hill.
You've got to come see -- a big thing went down over the hill!
Jim -- what's wrong?!
Well son?  Should we call it a night?  I for one have had a long day.
That's Mars.  The closest planet to us now.  That's why it's more than just a point in the sky.
Which one's that?  The dull red one.
And that one -- to the right of Rigel?
... and Rigel.
There's Cassius ...
This should be the heaviest shower of the year.
There are more this year than last.
Because the sky is so clear out here.
It's that time of year again. We should get a pretty good show out here.
A meteorite Dad look!
Let's see what's on the other side. Maybe we'll find some copper.
It's got a name.  Copper Ridge. There used to be a copper mine near here.
Wow.  There's the town.  And there's the air base.  This is a great hill.
Let's check it out Dad.
If we want it it is.
Is the hill ours too?
This can be your room if you want it. What do you say?
Wow.  Look at the mountains.
That's the Air Force Base.
What's that Dad?
You'll meet new friends.  I know ... it's rough.  But I have to move son.
I'll have to go to a new school -- again.
I know son.  But you'll like it where we're going.  I'm getting a good job.  It's a pretty part of the country.
Do we have to?
We're going to be moving son.
Son ... are you awake?
Good night.
Better get some sleep son or you'll be pretty tired at school tomorrow.
It's his nightmare.  He still hasn't gotten over it ... about the other side of the hill.
What's wrong Ellen?
George you're acting very strangely.
You know it really is beautiful up there.  Let me show you.  We'll take a walk after dinner.
Yes -- but ...
I'm home now.
You did?  Why? Where were you? They said you left hours ago. We were worried.
I left it at work.
Where's your car?
That's Ed.  Ed works with the Bell Telephone switching division.
What happened to you?  Who was that?
I will.  But isn't that odd -- about my dream ... ?
It's probably the solenoid.  Take it back to Gleason's they said they'd fix it if we found anything wrong.
You don't have to.  The school bus stops right outside here at 7:30. I've got to run.
I'll take you to school.
I have to go over to the town this morning and do a lot of shopping. This house needs just <u>everything</u>. I'll probably be gone all day. Jimmy hurry up and eat or you'll be late.
Why yes.  Why?
Is that all he said?
He was upset with moving I believe.
What did he talk to you about?
I'm sorry Mr. Gardner.  I was out of my office for a minute and when I got back -- he was gone.
What do you mean -- gone?  What the hell kind of a nurse are you anyway?
Yes Mr. Gardner.
We'll be by to pick him up in ten minutes.
I'm not particularly interested <u>Ms.</u> Magnuson in what you think is correct. My wife and I are going away on a business trip this afternoon and we want Jimmy with us.  Keep him in your office until we arrive.
Mr. Gardner I don't think this is the place to discuss this matter.
You people have a lot of nerve taking it on yourselves to encourage young children to speak out of turn. I'm of a mind to pull him out of school if this is your idea of how to handle ... What sort of training do you have anyway?
Mr. Gardner I --
I don't know what he's told you --  What <u>has</u> he told you?  Would you like to tell <u>me</u> -- ?
Children often have trouble adjusting to a new school.
About what?
We were having a little talk.
May I ask why?
Yes I do Mr. Gardner.
I understand Miss that you have my son in your office.
Hello this is Ms. Magnuson speaking.
They didn't find any signs of life on the Viking missions.
You're looking for life?
There was a man named Colonel Wilson from the Air Force Base.  He was talking in our class.  He said we could visit him any time we wanted.  I'll bet he could do something.
We can't do this alone.  We've got to get help.
I'm not.  They must be tunneling under the whole town.
Don't go in.
Yes ... yes but I'm not sure what I saw anymore.
But you saw -- the men go under the sand ...
I don't know.  I don't know what I'm doing here --
What is it?
I know a way.
Hide the car.
No one comes here after dark.
All their lines were busy.
Did you call the State Police?
The State Police.
Who are you calling?
Stay here.  I'm going to make a phone call.
Maybe -- it landed in the bushes.
Does it look to you like anything landed here?
We'll be very careful.  But we have to see.  If something landed there there would be a big scar in the ground. Wouldn't there?
They'll get us.
Let's go look at the sand pit behind your house.
But it's not Jimmy.
I swear it was here.
No but it was here.
I don't see anything.
This is where it was -- the tunnel opening.
If we go and look and there's nothing there you'll have to admit to me that this is all in your mind.
Behind my house up on the ridge.
Where Jimmy?
I got trapped in Mrs. McKeltch's van -- and she went to the tunnel and went down there with them -- behind my house.  I saw them.
Jimmy calm down!  What happened? Tell me what happened!
This shows how to get to my home. I'm giving you back roads and footpaths so there's less chance of you being seen.
Yes.  I can even read star maps.
Do you know how to follow a map?
'Cause he wouldn't lie.
I'd believe him.
What would you think if somebody told you a story like this?
She said the frog came from around the Copper Ridge.  She must've been behind the hill.
How did it get Mrs. McKeltch?
A UFO lands in back of your house and puts something in your Dad and Mom's necks.  Then it gets the police and your teacher too.
That's quite a story.  You know that don't you?
Can you tell me about that?
I don't have many friends.  Dad's all the time moving.
Why not?  Moving is hard for anybody.  Was it hard for you to leave all your friends?
This is a new town for you.  Do you like it here?
Oh I can't remember.  But people do have bad dreams when their routine is disturbed.
What kind Mom?
It's all this moving from place to place.  We're never settled.  I'm having nightmares myself.
I'll pack us a lunch.  Hamburgers. You always like that don't you.
I have school.
This afternoon.  It's wonderful up there -- you still haven't seen the best part.
Don't go over the hill Mom. Please.
Mom.  I gotta talk to you.
The back door was open.
Hi.  Sorry I'm late.
What? -- I... 
Your father asked you a question.
What happened to your other slipper?
George where have you been?
No Mom.  It wasn't a plane.
What do you think he saw?  Could it have been something from the air base?
I know.  But you have a full day of school tomorrow --  You too.
Mom -- this is the best show all year.
Well come on you two.  Time to go to bed.
All right.  I'll be right back.
Jimmy's father is on the phone.  I wonder if you'd take the call.
Ms. Magnuson is Jimmy Gardner with you?
They're from out of state.  Father's an engineer at the nuclear power plant. I really don't know much about them.
What's his family background?
His teacher brought him in to see me. Said he'd been acting up in class. Creating a disturbance.  I couldn't get a thing out of him.
Gardner?  Oh um -- he's a new student. Just moved here.  Why?
What's the story on Jimmy Gardner?
If we do we'll both die virgins. But at last we'll be together.
This could be our last night on Earth. I don't want to die a virgin.
We're going with you. I mean we're going too.
I wish I could do more but we're moving out.
It's really nice of you to help us.
Penicillin. At least it will help keep his fever down.
You bet it did.
Did it work?
Are you all right?
If anything goes wrong I'll have to think quickly adjust the signal who knows?
With you? I don't understand why you can't just show someone how to plant the virus somebody trained for this kind of mission?
We'll be well on our way out of there before we shoot that thing off.
Thirty seconds? Isn't that cutting it a little too close?
I wanted a career. Didn't you ever want to be part of something special?
Better be. You left me for him.
He's a good man.
You still believe in him.
A toast to the end of the world.
I take it you've heard.
Just my luck no ice.
David don't...
You can't be seriously considering firing nuclear weapons?
He's not going to listen to me.
I can't leave. We have to tell this to the President.
I want you to leave with us. Right now.
What do you want me to do?
Fifty six minutes forty five seconds.
And when is the countdown supposed to expire?
Walk to the window. Right in front of you.
David? How'd you get this number?
Connie don't hang up.
It's not paranoia. The embedding is very subtle. It's probably been overlooked...
You're being paranoid.
I've worked with embedded loading. They're communicating with a hidden signal. They're going to attack...
In case you haven't noticed we're in a little bit of a crisis here.
You don't understand. You have to leave Washington.
This is not the time or the place to have this same old discussion.
You have to leave the White House.
What do you want?
All you need is love. John Lennon. Smart man. Shot in the back very sad.
Love was never our problem.
All he could think about was getting to you. There's still love there I think.
Spunky. He told you about that?
Think nothing of it Spanky.
He still gets air sick huh? In all of this I didn't get the chance to thank you two.
My ex-husband works in satellite communications.
Moishe Martinsburg Mr. President.
Punched the President? Oh my god.
David thought I was having an affair which I wasn't.
Then get them out of there.
We're losing them.
I could have evacuated the cities hours ago.  You know when I flew in the Gulf War everything is simple. We knew what we had to do. It's not simple anymore Connie. A lot of people died today. How many didn't have to?
You saved a lot of lives.
He used to run the NASA. He knows where all the bones are buried. Comes in handy.
I don't know how you put up with him.
More than likely.
Can we expect the same kid of panic here as in Russia?
Think. It's like in chess. First you strategically position your pieces. Then when the timing's right. You strike.
A countdown to what?
That signal. It's a countdown.
Not really...
Remember I told you that the signal hidden within our satellite signal is slowly recycling down to extinction.
Okay why did I just send my family to Atlanta?
Just do it!
What happened?
Tell her to get the kids and leave town.
Haven't you been watching?
What're you talking about?
Can you believe this?
Strange thing is if my calculations are right it'll be gone in approximately seven hours anyway. The signal reduces itself every time it recycles. Eventually it will disappear. Are you listening?
Huh? Oh good good.
I've got a lock on the signal pattern. We can filter it out.
...and we'll be the only guys in town with a clear picture? That's my man.
Yes because the analog signal has a definite sequential digital patterns embedded within it. When I find the exact binary sequence and I apply a phase reversed signal to that calculated spectra analyzer I built you last Christmas we should be able to block out the overlay completely...
That's the good news?
No. The good news is I found the problem and it's not our equipment. There's some weird signal embedded within the satellite feed.
And the good news is you won't charge me.
You're in meal penalty for disturbing my lunch.
What's the bad news?
There's good news and bad news.
We've tried. It's not working. It's almost as though they weren't even there.
Let's retrofit the dish to another satellite.
Please would I be this panicked if it was that simple?
Did you try to switch to transponder channels?
What the hell is this?
Started this morning. Every channel is making like it's nineteen fifty. Snow static all kinds of distortions. No one knows what the hell is going on.
It was turned on. I was ignoring you. What's the big emergency?
What the hell is the point of having a beeper if you don't turn it on?
I want you should know I'm very proud of you son.
Thanks Pops.
A cold? Of course.
What'd I say?
Pops you're a genius!
David you're drunk.
We've gotta burn the rain forest Pops. Dump toxic waste pollute the air rip up the ozone. Maybe if we screw this planet up enough they won't want it anymore.
This I can see.
I'm making a mess.
David David! What the hell are you doing!?
What was it Roswell? You had the space ship the bodies everything locked up in a bunker the what is it Area fifty one. That's it! Area fifty one. You knew and you didn't do nothing!
Dad please...
Moishe please don't talk.
It's Air Force One for crying out loud. Still he gets sick?
He wasn't the President then.
You punched the President in the face?
Because last time I saw him I punched him in the face.
Sure he'll listen. Why wouldn't he?
You can do that?
Yes. I can use he signal to triangulate her exact position in the White House.
It's perfect the line is busy?
Perfect she's using it.
She didn't take my name when we were married.
You try Martin?
College nickname.
I just haven't found it yet. I tried C. Halbrook Connie Halbrook Spunky Halbrook...
Not listed huh?
She always keeps her portable phone listed for emergencies. Sometimes it's just her first initial sometime her nickname...
You think an important person like Constance is going to be listed?
This pops is every phone book in America.
What the hell is that?
All I'm saying is they've got people who handle these things David. They want HBO they'll call you.
And you're going to educate them? Tell me something you're so smart how come you spent eight years at M.I.T. to become a cable repairman?
They don't know this.
You think they don't know what you know? Believe me they know. She works for the President. They know everything.
Can't this thing go any faster?
It's the White House for crying out loud. You can't just drive up and ring the bell.
That's okay. You're driving.
You want to borrow the car? You don't have a license.
You still got the Olds?
The television said they've started with the looting already. Vultures.
Three four. Move on. It's not healthy.
Three years.
I'm only saying it's been what? Four years you still haven't signed your divorce papers.
Dad don't start.
David I've been meaning to talk with you. It's nice you've been spending so much time with me but...
You don't move soon. I'll begin to decompose.
You have any idea how long it takes for those things to decompose?
So think already.
I'm thinking.
What are you waiting? My social security will expire you'll still be sitting there.
I don't hear no fat lady.
Doesn't matter. Game's over.
We're loose!
You as well.
Nice meeting you.
It's not me. They're overriding the system.
What're you doing?
I can't shake her free.
Get us out of here!
Looks like they're preparing the invasion.
Must be thousands of them. What are they doing?
Just getting a feel for her.
What the hell are you doing?
I have a confession to make. I'm not real big on flying.
We'll meet you there.
Oh shit we're late.
I'll see how they're doing with the radio transmitter.
Do not engage until we've confirmed the package has been delivered.
I think our secret is out. They're headed right for us.
Where's it headed?
Roger Eagle One our primary target has shifted course.
Grey you read me?
I'm a pilot Will. This is where I belong.
Mr. President just what do you think you're doing?
Then find them.
Pilots sir. We don't have enough people to get them in the air.
But what General?
We've been collecting planes from all over but...
And our troops here?
We have confirmed divisions of troops from different armies all around the world. Most of Europe the Middle East and Asia are battle ready.
Better than we thought.
How're we doing?
Organize every plane you can find and get some Goddamned pilots to fly them.
We're being exterminated.
We're down to approximately fifteen percent Sir.  If you calculate the time it takes them to destroy a city and move on we're looking at world wide destruction of every major city within the next thirty six hours.
And our forces?
And there are scattered reports of sightings over Miami Ft. Worth And Memphis.
Atlanta Chicago and Philadelphia destroyed?
ETA with target; four minutes.
Where are they?
The helicopter never arrived at Nellis and there's been no radio contact.
Any news on my wife?
She should be shortly.
Is my wife in the air?
And get those helicopters away from the ship. Call them back immediately.
But Mr. President...
General Grey co-ordinate with Atlantic Command. Tell them they have twenty five minutes to get as many people out of the cities as they can.
Then God help us.
Sir what happens if they do become hostile?
I had a feeling you would.
With your permission Mr. President I'd like to remain my your side.
Please you're not buying into any of this nonsense are you? We don't have the manpower or the resources to launch that kind of a campaign.  Not to mention that this whole cockamamie plan is dependent on a machine that no one in the world is qualified to operate.
With their shields down it might be possible.
How long would their shields be down?
This is ridiculous.
Christ why didn't you say anything about this when they first arrived? You could have warned us before we launched a counter attack that cost us hundreds of American pilots!
It had been deemed classified.
You were the head of the National Intelligence Agency! You knew all about this. When were you planning on informing the rest of us!?
Mr. President we must launch. A delay now would be more costly than when you waited to evacuate the cities!
My God the Vice President and the Joint Chiefs...
That's impossible...
We're trying to communicate with them on all frequencies but we're getting nowhere. Atlantic Command is working on a type of visual communication.
This is crazy. We're loosing our first strike capabilities!
More ships keep arriving fifteen in total so far.
Sir I strongly recommend we move you to a secured location immediately.
Organize a military escort to Crystal Mountain.
That's not your call to make Mr. Nimziki.
Get on the horn with Atlantic Command. Let's upgrade the situation to DEFCON 3.
It's... slowing down Sir.
It's doing what?
Well er... it's slowing down.
How do you know?
No Sir. Definitely not.
Butt-munch.
Yeah but what an entrance!
You scared the hell out of me.
I should have done this a long long time ago.
Sorry for what?
Before we do this I want you to know I'm sorry.
I know you like to make a big entrance.
You know me...
You're late.
You know how I like to make a big entrance.
You're late.
Butt-munch.
You know you're not as charming as you think you are.
Naw. I'll just tell my other girlfriends they can't come over tonight.
Really? You don't mind?
Look after your shift tonight why don't you grab Dylan and come stay with me on base.
Be careful.
Wait. I have to tell you something.
They cancelled it. Why are you acting like this?
You said you were on leave for the Fourth.
Baby you know how it is. I have to report to El Toro right away.
You can't go. Call them back.
He's doing a good job.
He's trying to impress you.
Didn't want to say anything. I voted for the other guy.
I thought you didn't recognize me.
Dylan come here. I want you to meet the First Lady.
Funny it used to scare me when I thought about the future.  Guess it doesn't really matter anymore.
And when the dancing's over? What about your future?
Don't be. I'm not. It's good money.  'Side he's worth it.
No. Exotic.
Really? Ballet?
I'm a dancer.
So what do you do for a living?
He wasn't his father. I was kinda hoping he'd want the job though.
Was his father stationed here?
He's my angel.
Jimmy stay with me.
Stevie... I can't...
So push it!
We're already over Mach 2!
Jimmy kick it! They're gaining.
I didn't even see them fire!
Don't worry big guy. I'm sure she got out of here before it happened.
I shouldn't have left her.
I hear you.
Don't get premature on me Jimmy. We don't light up 'til the Fat Lady sings.
That is an affirmative. I have victory dance. Mmmmmmm.
I thought you said you were doing to break it off.
Jasmine has this thing for dolphins. I had them make it...
How to kiss ass.
I don't believe it. They make you learn how to fly everything from an Apache to a Harrier and still they turn you down? What else do they want you to learn?
I didn't take it. I thought I didn't need it anymore.
But I gave you some this morning.
That'd be cool!
Yeah. What would you think if we went there to live for a while?
He's got that SEGA Saturn CD 64 bit right?
Just take it dick head.  Alicia! Make sure he takes his medicine.
I don't need it.
You're gonna break it. Just leave it alone. Here take your medicine.
It's all fuzzy.
Just fell asleep. He's gonna be just fine. Join me in a little celebration?
How' he doing?
There's a group heading south they said there's a hospital just a couple hours away. I think we should follow them.
We should leave too.
I couldn't find anything. Everyone is packing up they're leaving. Word is a space ship is heading this way.
For once in your life think about what's best for Troy. Who has to beg for money to buy him medicine when you screw up? Who?
Troy's still my son no matter how you feel about me.
You're not going anywhere. You hear me? I'm still your father.
We're leaving don't try and stop us.
Just what the hell do you think you're doing?
They let you out?
Damn it he was doing you a favor. You know how hard it is to find someone who doesn't think you're completely crazy? What are we supposed to do now? Huh? Where are we supposed to go now?
It's the wrong field you idiot! Lucas' farm is on the other side of town.
I'm bringing home the bacon. Earning my keep. And doing a fine job if I do say so myself.
Just what the hell do you think you're doing?
I said call them back.
The other bombers might have more luck. We shouldn't just give up...
Call them back.
Mr. President?
Two words Mr. President. Plausible deniability.
Why the hell wasn't I told about this place?
If we don't strike soon there may not be much of an America left to defend.
Above American soil?
I spoke with the Joint Chief when they arrived at NORAD. They agree we must launch a counter offensive with a full nuclear strike. Hit 'em with everything we've got.
We're leaving.
What the hell's going on?
So far these things have not become hostile. For the moment let's assume they won't.  Connie let's issue statements advising people not to panic to stay home and take cover.
But Mr. President...
I want the Vice President Secretary of Defense the whole Cabinet and the Joint Chiefs taken to a secured location. I'm staying here. I am not going to add to a public hysteria that could cost lives.
We must maintain a working government in a time of crisis...
I'm not leaving.
These three died in the crash. Their bodies are as frail as our own. You just have to get past their technology which is I'm sorry to say far more advanced.
Can they be killed?
Not all too dissimilar to us. Breathes oxygen comparable tolerances to heat cold... probably why they're interested in our planet.  Hey you wanna see them?
What can you tell us about the enemy we're facing?
See we can't duplicate their type of power so we've never been able to experiment. But since these guys started showing up all the gizmos inside turned on. The last twenty four hours have been really exciting!
Well I guess you'd like to see the big tamale? Follow me.
Mr. President a real pleasure. They don't let us out much you know.
What do you want us to do?
Peace? No peace.
Can we negotiate a truce? Is there room for co-existance?  Can there be peace between us?
Many worlds...
And before here?
Here... now.
Where do your people come from?  Where is your home?
Why did you people come here?
Sending what we know back to U.S.T. via satellite.
What are you doing?
That's nice.
In a way we're like brothers... I can't have her. I want you to.
Don't worry about me. You take this time for your own you two.....
I'll get us out of here.
Don't worry I owe you a lot. I'm not gonna let us rot here. I'm gonna find us a way out.
I mean it!  No one else would have helped. I take it all back everything I've said about you.
I want to thank you for what you've done.
I want you to know how much I appreciate what you've done.
I don't know how we're gonna get out of this but we will somehow.
You're lovely.
She's so lovely. It's all my fault...I was wrong.
You're a lucky man.
She's in love with you. Anyone can see that.
I know it's no good.  I've no right to be jealous.
Thing is...I think I'm in love with her.
Not really. Truth is...I was ..jealous. Of you.
You've changed your mind.
She is beautiful.
No. She just stayed with us. Like she did all along.
I was wrong. She tried to help us get away.
You were the one who was always suspicious of her!
Now you're too suspicious.
She works for them.
Dieter asked where I was. He expected me here. Maybe someone was assigned to bring me here.
About what?
I have been... I think you're right.
Keep thinking.
I can always flush you down the toilet.
Looks like you can have all you want.
Gimme a minute.
We are in a dungeon. How do we get out?
Never mind that where are we now.
Where've you been?
Losing power. The laser drained it.
What happened?
I don't know.
What exactly?
Do something.
Ought to be they stole everything and reverse-engineered it. Looks like all they need is the chip.
Pretty advanced isn't it?
Well don't let it. What are you doing?
This may hurt.
And don't let her know either.
There's a lot you don't know.
GRUNER switched the chip to him not from him then he led us away again...to Chiang Cho.
The man we want has the PEM and is across the border by now.
He aready made the deal..
...Shit! It's just money.
Aim just in front of his face.
Just fine. I'll do the driving from now on.
Are you alright?
Don't worry I can.
I can't handle that thing.
He didn't. He left us that walkman chip to confuse us. Would have kept most people busy. We were too fast for him.
Then why'd he lead us here.
He must not know. GRUNER just made the switch back.
And Dieter?
It's in the watch. He lead us on that chase while Dieter brought the chip into Hong Kong.
While he makes the run.
He hung us up dry.
It's not the one...Wait... there's a label.
Left...The one with the red dot.
haka xuki. What's that mean?
You said 100000 yen for the right Sony Walkman.
What was it? What'd I say?
Just say the words. Just like I told you.
Well at least talk it up then. I feel like an idiot.
Not sure at all.
You sure this will work?
I was afraid of that.
I've got an idea.
Plenty of circuits in a Walkman...
Then why let her out of our sight? Besides she's all we've got...
I don't trust her.
Hiroshima! She's going with us? Are you out of your mind.
No. You can't trust her.
I need a guide and you need a client...and $1000.
You were with GRUNER!
He was with Gruner!
Never mind just say it.
Neither can they.
I can't see a thing.
Door to the right. Get up and run.
A hard left. A hard left.
Trying to analyze this stuff. Now...go to the medicine shelf and take ---- and ----.
What are you doing?
...imagine a better grape for the region.
You have to! Quickly!
Drink lots of water.
...drink it.
Don't worry!
Don't touch a thing.
I know she's not with them. I know something else. What's bothering you isn't her.
One of your instincts?
I told you I have a feeling...
Yeah...You've fallen for her.
You think. That's what you're good at.
What are you doing? Wait a minute. Lets think this through.
It is a blank. This is no time for Zen.
Relax. Make your mind a blank.
Relax. Let me do this.
What do I do?
`Joe. I'm here. You're Okay.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Al you leave my heart alone...
Down to your heart. I'm gonna clean some fat out before you drop on me.
Where are you going?
Just stay here and rest.
That's not funny.
Beer. And cakes...cookies ..anything bad.
I can't keep up.
Come on she's getting away.
Run stupid!
Follow her.
What do I do?
I'm running in circles in the middle of some foreign country. I don't speak their language they don't speak mine. I don't even know where I am. What's going to present itse........
We are trying to stand out. Right near his address. Easier to get them to come to us than to try and find them. ..now keep your eyes open something might present itself.
Don't you think I stand out like this.
Fountainhead of High-Tech.
That's good. It's not better. Where?
Better. I found Ryuji.
You found her.
Why don't you get out of my face.
Some agent you are.
It wasn't like that.
You been had. We have.
I...I'll got to the movies. That's what I'll do!
No. What will you do.
No. What do you hope? AL  I hope. I just hope. That someday you're real small and you've got no time. And you got no one to help you. And you depend on me. And you know what I'll do?
You get time off to sleep.
It's not your time. I get time off.
And on my time.
Shit! You're in love.
She's got the most beautiful...s
Oh you were right. They've all been here before... met just last week.
Is that all?
Ahhh...works...Ryuji... travel...just business...She's.. Fine Arts University of Tokyo..
What she say. What'd you get out of her?
I don't know!
What Happened?
I mean it. You watch old tapes of the ballgame I'll fill you in... later. I mean it.
Joe! It's 56 hours!
You shut down your sensors.
Oh come on.
You got any books in there?
What am I supposed to do?
I'll be right here. I'll keep it in mind. I'll get a lot more from her without you butting in.
What if she says something important?
It's embarrassing.
You can't listen. You can't watch either.
What is it?
Not her. You!
You're doing great with her.
This just won't work.
What is it your charm?
Come on...look at her. Don't you know anything about women?... The data is skewed. We might as well go with instinct...
Can't tell. Every time I try her you look away. Or you make noises. Maybe you don't want to know.
Maybe she's telling the truth.
She's the toughest to read.
Your data must be bad. Everyone can't be lying all the time.
Voice stress analyzer.
How do you know?
They're all in it.
...I've lost something. I must get it back.
Joe be careful!
Don't get too cute.
My coast is Maine actually. We have a place in Bar Harbor...And a bar in Sutton Place.
He recognises you throw him off.
It lends you an air of mystery.
I don't know what's going on.
Just don't show fear.
The blond...GRUNER. A killer.
Just hold them close and stay still.
I feel like an idiot.
Are you serious?
Follow that busboy.
The drinks...Stay on them.
What glasses.
Who are they? Stay on them will you. How can we find out...Wait. The glasses.
That's a big if.
Pan the group will you. If you're right at least one of them...is involved.
You got a better idea you tell me. Other than her there's no one here I know.
You're not just after this girl are you?
That place. By the window.
Get close to them.
You have no taste.
They both look good to me.
The beautiful one.
Which one is she?
You want sophistication it don't come cheap.
What did that cost?
Not that tie with that coat.
But the rest is me. I'll dress like I want.
It is my business. It's my name.
Mind your own business.
Not blue enough.
Much too blue.
This...is not going to work out.
You really like that shirt?
Looks like...the optic nerve. I can see out!
What is it?
Is something glinting?
What's nothing look like? ...it looks like nothing.
But what's it look like?
What are you looking at?
Now where would I be?
But you've got to have... sophistication ...savoir faire.
Yeah. I did it.
Well you did it today.
I'm not some hot shot test pilot. I'm not some playboy. I don't usually pick up girls.
You stumbled around. Remember you've got my ID you've got to be me not some stumblebum.
I made it work.
Yeah. Some help. That poetry really killed her.
Good thing I'm here to do the thinking.
Maybe they won't stand on ceremony.
Without your pants.
To the hotel. To register.
Where are you going?
What happened?
No...you idiot!
Touch some part of her body. Trust me. It works.
Where are you staying?
Where is she staying?
Anything. Aw hell...Just tell her the truth.
Don't just stand there say something.
What do I do?
What can I do? You're on your own.
Help me out will you?
How should I know?
Which language?
Try another language.
She doesn't seem to understand.
What's happening?
You're beautiful..
She's beautiful...! What do I do?
What is it?
You're out of shape.
She's...pretty fast.
This must be business there's nothing else here.
Are you screwing with any nerves?
What? What do you mean?
Al are you doing anything in there?
Where are you going? Wait!
Now lie down somewhere quiet and rest I'll be back in a while.
For chrissakes it's only sand. You should see some of the stuff that's floating around in here. That sand's the cleanest thing in you including me. Now EAT it!
I don't want to eat it.
I'm living on freeze dried limas and ham. Just eat it.
You eat it. You know what this stuff tastes like?
You eat it.
Here...all the seaweed you want. Now what?
Little late for that.
Take it easy now. Don't want you in over your head.
The sky the sun the sea... There's no one here. It's deserted. What now?
Do you notice anything.
...Just beautiful.
What is it?
Just get there.
Eating sushi?
How else do you get seaweed under your nails?
You leave my glands alone!
Because you got my ID. Now brace yourself. I'm gonna try something with your glands.
I don't want to be you. I don't even like you why would I want to be you?
You'll be me.
Oh yeah to what?
Nothing but it's yours. Change it. Change your whole persona.
What's wrong with how I carry myself.
It's attitude...how you carry yourself.
It's just not enough.
We'll change your appearance.
They'll know who I am.
Well if not to kill then to bother and annoy.
...and a license to kill...
You are in trouble. Now do it.
I'll get in trouble.
It's illegal.
I can't do that.
Use my credit cards.
I don't have any.
What about it?
What about money?
We get on which plane?
We get on a plane.
You mean...just leave.
You are not alone. But you are incon- picuous...and with our abilities...
Who?...  Wait a minute! I'm no agent secret or otherwise. And..I'm alone.
Send a man there. A secret agent.
What do we do?
Composition of the sand ...trace elements..unique...
What is it?
Nothing. You just do nothing.
What am I supposed to do?
Don't talk I told you. You just screwed it up.
Not who. A data bank. Just keep your ear to the phone and don't make a sound.
Good. Get to a phone.
I'm at the airport.
The airport! Hey wait a minute.
I'll be out of touch for a while. Just get to the airport.
Just scratched my arm why?
Wait a minute. The fight. Where did he get you?
Anything...A feeling...a smell..?
You can't go home. When UST finds we're gone they'll come after you and put us away.
I don't wanna be you. I wanna go home.
You do. To get out of here. You're gonna be me.
You need ID in there?
Don't know.
Gone where?
They think we're safe here. They don't really need us. They're probably long gone.
That's not a good idea.
That's it. They know I'm in here. We've got to find them.
Black suits and helmets.
What do you mean?
Like the guys that attacked us.
I can't remember..
Oh my God...What did he look like the man?
I was thirsty. He told me to get a drink.
Is it familiar? Have you been here before.
A lab and equipment.
Where are we going?
Take a left and your next right.
Corridor A.
What does it say.
Which way do I go?
With Authority!
Just walk down the hall?
Go out take your first left.
See the codelock? Punch this in. 26993
Door's locked.
We have to get out of here.
I don't like the sound of that.
Why don't you just get out leave me alone.
They'll have to take you apart. ...piece by piece.
I'm not gonna make it easy.
Ever think of what they might have to do to find me?
I'm not leaving until you do.
Think of the scientific data we'll gain. Come on lets get out of here.
We're a team...My...talent. Your... mobility.
I did. I brought you back here.
You gotta help.
What do you mean we.
You're the one talking to a little guy in your head.  ...We'll have to do it on our own.
You are CRAZY!
I am. You are.
Yeah...Who is?
Well...they sure as hell aren't gonna get it for you.
I'd be helpless and useless. They don't have the PEM. Without that...there's no chance.
They could put you back in the tube..
I don't know. I don't want to find out.
JOE Or what?
It can't take that long.
Yeah.  Al wants to talk to you!
Did you hear that?
No. Don't tell the guards.
I don't know...To get Al.
How do you act when someone trys to kill you?
Calm Down! Act rational.
You have no choice you're involved. Will you help?
I don't know anything. I just want to go home.
Why? AL  You know too much.
Too late...They want you.
I want out.
Can't see a Goddamn thi..
Get your breathing down. You sound like a cement mixer.
Then what are you stopping for?
I wouldn't say that.
Whatever you do just...don't stop.
This is a Fiesta!
Outrun them.
What do I do?
He's not the problem. It's the van in the back.
What'd he look like?
Nothing. Just the cyclist. He's passed us.
What's that?
Still clear. Just a motorcycle.
No one. Maybe I dreamed it all up.
Anyone there?
If I'm real they'll get me out. If I'm not they'll treat you. Either way you'll be better off than you are now. You'll get a reward.
If I get you back to the lab will you get out of my head?
I'll tell you what to say.
Oh...Gooood!
I'll talk to them.
No they won't.
Why don't you?
Sorry...all this...buzzing in my head.  Why don't I just take you back to UST?
You weren't listening!
Who was that? Somebody out there?
What was that?
With a man in my head...
You'll be alive.
Yes...Yes...I'll explain it all. Just put the gun down.
Why he's argumentative?
Yeah JOE Why there's a little man in my head?
You're gonna explain.
You're not crazy. Don't...wait a minute just let me explain.
Then I'm crazy.
Of course you do!
Hear voices don't I.
You're not crazy.
Used to be things were bad. No job...no money...no girl. Now I got all that and I'm crazy too.
Don't do it.  Don't aim at the head.
Are you crazy?
Kill myself.
Loading a gun.
What are you doing?
You said it.
I know...it sounds insane.
Then how'd I get here?
I just went there for a job.
You've heard of U.S.T.?
The Nicholson Node. I suppose you haven't heard of that either.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Yeah. What did you do? You explain it. ...why I'm not at the lab right now in my tube with my crew. Explain that!
Me? What'd I do?
Look! I didn't ask to be in you. Don't blame me for it. You did it.
I'm trying to get you to listen to reason.
Are you threatening me?
That a new Datsun?
You've heard of the PEM114...
What are you doing in my head Al?
I told you my name is Al.
It's my head I'll be the judge of that. Anyway who are you?
Quit screwing around this is important.
Well...If you're in my head... to you I'm...GOD!
Yeah...Who?
Who are you?
Nerve bundle! What are you doing? You just leave the nerve bundles right where they are.
I'm working on it. Soon as I find the right nerve bundle.
Kind of an oversight wouldn't you say.
You're in my head you can talk to me and hear what I say but you can't see anything.
My place can't you see?
Where are we now?
Somebody's been here.
Do me a favor Al.
...I need to make a phone call.
Go home. Good idea. Get some rest.
Why don't we go home?
What street?! We're walking down QUEER STREET. We coming to Dopey Drive. We're about to be put somewhere quiet where they won't mind that we talk to ourselves.
What street?
Where are we? We're on the street. We're walking down the street. We're talking to ourselves. People are staring at us.
Where are we?
What??? You lose your lease on a condo?
I just got here.
You're in my head? You don't know my name?
What is your name?
No...no...it's nothing.. Rehearsing a play...  What light through yonder window breaks...It is Al... and he's in my head.
Your name is Al...
You're in my head...
This candid camera?
Who was it?
It wasn't him.
Don't do that.
...reporting....him... ventriloquism...On a bus
What's going on?
I'm reporting you to the .....transit authority!!!
I'm...inside you.
You're not gonna believe this...
Where are you...Al?
My name is AL.
No not her. Me.
I know you did!
I said something.
RYUJI Bandaio. Grown near here.
You just got a Mickey.
Some friend you are! You know what I hope?
JOE It's not love. It's like. It's real strong like. And I got your information. Now get off my back!
I've got twenty hours left. I could die in here. And you're falling in love.
Face it we're the men for the job. Besides if someone is really chasing you the best way to avoid them is to keep moving ...and FIND THE GODDAMN PEM.
JOE What abilities...?
It's all we've got.
JOE What does some island have to do with this? It's a mistake?
GO-TOE. It's some islands.
JOE       Go to What the Hell does that mean?!!
Trouble...is if we both get stuck here.
I knew you were trouble.
Let us get to the border!
What kind of a deal?
In my own way...I want you to know that...I love you.
I know we fight but I don't mean it. You're quite a guy. No one else could have dealt with this.
I didn't do anything.
Look I don't know how we're gonna get out of this.
I'm...scared.
Don't worry.
Can you fly this?
I'm against it.
We've ruined his market in Japan.. Where's Dieter?
Oh I can't.
Don't give her your name.
What is your name?
Do what? What'd you do?
I've seen that before. Never had anyone actually do it.
The best part. She'll love it.
What part what?
Doesn't matter.
Works like a charm when I use it. You didn't say it right.
It'll remind me of you.
Aren't we all.
Not that truth!
What a nerve!
They have stolen state property.
ya hyutn slulptsa?
It's a long story.
Joe's escaped. Dieter's in him.
What happened?
I take the last chip in with me. I use it to control re-enlargement from inside.
No. If anything happened you'd be stuck in there like he was.
Who's our little man?
If there is a POD inside him We'll find it and bring it out for study.
I'll prove it. We'll repeat their procedures...put a man in our POD bring it down and then...inject him.
Impossible.
She found out what she could ...and delivered him here.
I knew he was following us. He diverted attention exposed Ryuji's trap..
We'll let you go. You leave the pods and the PEM.
How about a deal?
Newer more powerful design.
I dyed it. We're all getting old.
You've cut your hair?
Then how did you know?
You didn't tell us you were coming?
It's the least we can do. After all it's our responsibility.
Bit expensive sir.
Private clinic. Best of care. Total privacy. We'll pay all costs.
Doesn't matter. Then put him away.
Ah...no sir. He was here for a job interview.
He work for us?
Must be delayed effects of the drug... I'll get him out of here.
Surveilliance on them all.
We'll have to let them go.
We don't even know where to start. What about these people? What do we do with them?
You have nothing...
They took the tapes.
Surveillance Cameras?
He's...more. Somehow enhanced... He's...zxflbbgt!
Enough ROmance.
He's not an ordinary man.
Hey sit in the car. I'll get you a fee. Make up for what you lost on the tour.
It's just money.
Well I'm glad to see you. Sorry things broke up like that.
That crazy guy?
I have a new client.
What are you doing here where've you been?
We met on the beach.
Who is your friend?
I think I've heard of you.
And...you know Jan Gruner?
I came for a rest. As I imagine you did. To get away with it all.
What brings you here?
Well...I try to give them whatever they want.
And how do you service foreigners.
...Foreign service.
You remind me of someone. You from the west coast?
It is to me too.
That name's familiar.
I don't want to intrude.
You...him...UST.
Much better now thank you. Just sit here quietly...see there's nothing to worry about...just be my old self again....soon...
Was quite excited when he came in...
Been hearing voices.
Not...complaining actually.
Been complaning of hallucinations.
Ahhh...nothing.
Of course you're not. We'll take good care of you.
I'm not going anywhere until you get this guy out of my head.
The little man in my...  ...head...
I don't know Who.
Not you. Them.
Why would we want to hurt you?
No it wasn't It was intentional.
Now Joe you know it was all a mistake don't you?
Oh yeah thanks...
Take the card.
Look we'll bring your car home. just take it easy until the effects wear off. You need anything just call this number.
You'll feel better
I feel fine.
Why don't you lie down until you feel better.
Oh....Sure.
Don't you want to get out?
Home. Your home. The address on your form.
We're here.
Fine. You look fine.
How do I look?
Sergeant Finnegan. Name's right there on the card. Are you sure you're alright?
Who...are you?
Yeah. If I remember anything... I call ...you
Anything....You call us right away. You got that?
Remember what?
When you remember...
When you do...
Oh...that's okay.
I don't know...the last couple of hours...last few days.
What things?
You may not remember things.
It may have been affected.
What about it?
Your memory.
Now remember your short term memory may have been affected.
Whatever it is don't do it.
Just give me the keys.
Don't do it!
Thanks I appreciate that.
You may you find all the solitude you want.
A little voice in my head.
And you there are many places to get away. Why here?
Couldn't help it. No offense. She's not your wife is she...?
I noticed you staring.
That Rene...lovely girl...a killer!
Yessir...very good sir.
The fresh tuna?..
Ahhh. Good choice sir.
About cholesterol...You know what I know you'd have the seafood.
Now you know what I know.
This sophistication ain't tough. All it takes is a credit card.
We have Henekin Kirin... Very good sir.
How's that Trucklhouser Beer?
How's that for fucking Savoir Fair!
I didn't say anything.
Oh...and who is it!?
You did. JOE No I didn't. You said   something first.
Then who did?
I said...I didn't say..anything!
What did you say?
What do you want?
What's what?
Yes...What is it?
I know a nice island.
Yeah...I have to get away.
He should do it in person ...I mean ex person.
He wants to apologise.
We're not moving fast enough for him.
What is it?
I told you I work for him.
That's twenty feet high.
If he was able what would he say.
It was me. He just told me how...I wish he could tell me now.
But you did it. It was you.
He told me what to do.
It was you.
It wasn't me. It was him.
You are I've seen you.
Do what? I don't know. I'm no good at this.
Do something!
He can't help us.
We just don't stop.
I knew it. I told him.
Doesn't matter. I'm on your side.
Who are you? Who do you work for?
Kiss her you fool.
You're gonna laugh.
You son of a bitch! You conned me!
Aren't you a little optimistic?
I'll come back for you.
Just like that?
Why not what are you going to do?
Don't worry.
I love you too.
Uh...wonderful. I know I'm strange but in my own way I love you
I've never met anyone like you.
I was...crazy...desperate. I took it out on you. I didn't mean it. I know what she sees in you. You're kind and you're brave. If I ever get out of you I'll be glad to call you my friend.
I encouraged you to come here. My fault as much as yours.
Why did you then?
Don't blame yourself I didn't have to come along.
It was my choice.
I'm sorry I got you into this.
Can't you do something?
They can hold us here forever. Nobody knows about us.
Nothing we can do.
You can say that again. What do we do?
What a mess.
What? Oh about Dieter Yes. It was him. Gruner works for him.
They'll listen to what we say in here.
That I really don't know.
What did you tell them?
They asked about you.
Looks like they can. What did they do?
Yes. No. I'm...okay. They can't do this. They can't hold us here.
Are you alright?
What'd...you forget?
I can't fly it.
What happened?
Sure I can can't I?
He's Dutch. You can't even speak Dutch.
Maybe they're expecting Gruner. I'm gonna be him.
This going to work?
You coming along?
I know the territory.
You've  been there?
That's not this direction. It's back the other way.
...across THE BORDER. Come on!
Chiang Cho?
I said just relax. I'm in full control.
Maybe I'm wrong. Then GRUNER won't be here.
He's a client of mine! What's the matter. You can't suspect Dieter. He's a famous photographer. He makes millions.
Why'd you ask him.
I asked him.
Wait a minute! How'd you know Dieter was coming here?
Dieter's gone to shoot a still job. Hong Kong.
If Gruner led us away Who'd he lead us away from?
Where would you go to sell a chip?
Where what?
Too late they won't come back out till morning.
Get us one.
That must be him. Water taxi.
Why don't you get us some food. This may take some time.
We figure out if it's in here.
He plays it all the time.
Then where's the chip.
Must be a pick-up a rendezvous.
This boat doesn't go anywhere. Just toots around the Inland Sea.
Where we going?
It was a good job. Not many ways for a foreigner to make money here. Ryuji hires me to organize business meetings...take care of things.
Friend of Gruner. Just went along for the party.
And Dieter.
Ryuji and Gruner.
They'd never talk in front of me. They'd walk away up the beach. Nervous about something.
What's Gruner like?
You think I'm like that?
Lots of my clients are rich guys... They like danger..like playing with drugs and things...running around acting mysterious.
Then why are you smiling like that?
You don't believe me.
Get your things.
What is it?
I don't know. He mentioned a city.
Got to trust someone.
How do you know you can trust me?
The most important one. Can you help me find him?
A chip. Goes in a computer.
What'd he steal?
We're very close.
He must be a good friend.
He stole something. From a friend of mine.
What's he done?
You know where he went?
Now so am I...What's so interesting about him?
I'm just on vacation.
Go back to Tokyo. Try to get another tour....You're following GRUNER?
I'm sorry. What will you do?
This business is over.
I'm leaving too.
Food doesn't agree with me.
You're leaving.
This is a tough place to keep Kosher.
I'm not worried I'm not going to eat it.
No he didn't do that.
Did he put you up to it? Did he ask you to sleep with me?
Last night?
Were you working for him last night?
Sometimes. I told you I did.
You work for Ryuji?
I don't know Ryuji said there was a change of plans.
Why did they leave?
There's not much to tell.
What did you tell them?
They kidded me a little.
Your friends did they ask about me?
What do you mean?
Who else is interested in me?
You seemed interesting.
Wanted to get to know you.
Why did you stay with me?
Why didn't you tell me?
They left. I had to go with them.
Why did you leave?
Why'd you run off?
Joe! What happened to you?
That depends...
And you what do you like?
He likes the quiet. They were here last week.
How often they come here?
To organize things. Meetings and travel...Whenever they come here I handle details.
Hires you for what?
No. Ryuji just hires us.
Is that Ryuji?
Trans Ocean Travel.
No one. No one at all. I'm unemployed. Who do you?
Who do you work for?
...Naw. Made that up.
...Ummm you really work for the foreign service?
Just Okay...
You're doing...Okay.
And how'm I doing?
You're talking to me.
That was then. This is now. Who am I talking to?
If I was with you I wouldn't
Why do you do it?
But I don't listen...then I'd be crazy.
You talk to yourself.
I promise you that. I am not crazy. Course if I was I'd be the last to know. Why do you ask?
That you're not crazy.
Promise you what?
Are you alright?
Can I help?
I am sort of scattered.
As if your mind's not all there.
Disinterest?
...and sort of...disinterest.
It's not apparent.
I guess it's a combination you don't often see. Apparent attraction..
...I...don't know.
I waited for you.
Me still. They left you alone?
I just work for the travel firm.
Yes of course.
You mean from it.
Wait. What's your name?
Like there's someone else here.
Nothing...Al. Why do you talk   that way?
What's so funny?
Without what?
Let you leave without it.
I can't do that?
Haven't seen you around.
...right here too.
Oh...I can't. Business.
Dinner...tonight.
I'll be right there.
Yeah. One of the corniest lines I ever heard.
Blake said that?
The poet...something he said...
I am confused. Or maybe it's you.
No. No one to speak of.
Is someone else here?
...I'm looking for someone.
What do you do about what?
I don't know.
What about the others.
Someone is selling. You followed us. If it's not him it must be you. If it's not you it must be him... You scared him off.
Why'd you invite me here?
We've had thefts of our new stuff ...GRUNER deals in this... A big deal is going down now. I went to see if GRUNER had anything to sell. But he didn't make any moves...And when you arrived he backed off.
Why are you on to him?
I can't. He didn't do anything. Thanks to you.
Could have been drunk a little sooner but excellent...good character...What is it?
...Piece of mind.
What could you find in this place?
It keeps me busy. Everybody always wants something.
Must be a fulfilling occupation.
Water fountain's through that door down the hall.
Is there anything else?
...Mr. Athol will be with you as soon as possible. Will you be able to wait?
I have a seat. I've had it since nine.
I'm sorry. We're running behind. So many applicants...so few jobs... If you'll just have a seat.
Joe Doakes? It's quarter to 10...
Leaving now go to sleep. ...all of you.
Mom...what are you doing here?
Ahhh...Okay?!!!
Tear it apart?
That's alright. Just tear it apart.
I can't get it out. It would take hours.
Could I have it please.
Just one. The back up.
It will be fine. You have another.
It's alright.
The experiment. The danger...
You can't take that.
It doesn't hurt.
It'l be alright.
The other working.
This the only spare?
Right there.
What about Al...
So we better get started.
It'l take months.
Whoever took it does.
Look nobody knows we did it.
What does he know?
What'd he say how's he know about Al?
Poor bastard.
Screw the PEM...What about Al...
That's a better one.
That way. I can feel the cold.
In the Arctic ice.
Come quickly Colwyn. I can see the eyes of the Beast.
I knew you would come.
Move quickly. We are coming for you. We are in the Fortress.
All directions are the same here.
Take the western passage.
You have the power. <u>Will it</u>.
I don't know how.
Will your power outward.
All the passages are guarded.
You must move away from the Center.
Colwyn. Colwyn.  I love you Colwyn.
I love you Lyssa I love you ...
I will find you. I will be with you.
I don't know. It's a maze of tunnels. I can't see out.
Where is the Fortress?
In a great fortress in the mountains. Wait. Something's happening.
Lyssa. Where are they keeping you?
No. They watch me closely but they haven't harmed me.
Have they harmed you?
Lyssa ... Lyssa ...
I can't wait either.
About what?
Thank you but I can wait.
I don't have to look around. I've found the husband I want. You can kiss me now.
Maybe you'd better look around for another candidate. I don't think my skin is tough enough to survive a lifetime of you and your brush.
There. Now you look like someone I might want to marry.
Never mind my ears! Go away!
I don't trust you to wash behind your ears.
Well then you can go up to the parapet and I'll hand the buckets up to you.
We're not married <u>yet</u>.
We're almost married.
<u>What</u>?
Take off your clothes. I'm going to scrub you down.
I have no intention of getting used to it.
If you're going to marry a warrior you'd best get used to it.
You <u>might</u> be handsome. I can't tell through all that grime. Besides you reek of sweat and horses.
Well you're beautiful.
You're really not bad looking. Almost handsome.
That's worse.
Mine was worse: I dreamt you picked your nose in public.
Last night was the worst. I dreamt you had one leg shorter than the other and walked like a penguin.
Oh. That.  I know what you mean.  I had nightmares all week.
You don't understand. I'm just so <u>relieved</u>. I was <u>sure</u> you'd turn out to be short and fat and gimpy.
I don't have to go through with it either.
I'm sorry. I couldn't help it.
You will not follow the Slayers you will obey my command!  You have no chance alone boy. You must try to break through to Ynyr. He has great knowledge. Only with his help can you save Lyssa.
I must follow the Slayers. They've taken Lyssa.
You will do as I tell you. You will try to reach Ynyr the old one.
I won't leave you here.
You will go alone.
You can't reach her!  Through the door.  Quickly!
They have Lyssa!
Of course it was.
It was a platonic kiss Father.
You'll both wait. At least for five hours. The wedding is at three.
I forbid you!
I can. Because I choose it.
No! You cannot know that!
It is my fate to die in the Fortress.
You're coming with us.
You must move quickly. The Beast will stop at nothing now.
Cut. <u>Cut</u>!
What use is my sword? I can't reach her!
Use your sword.
She can see the Beast!
I chose the wrong passage.
She's on the other side of this wall. I can feel it!
Where the spiral begins.
The spiral begins in the west.
Lyssa your bracelets. Bend them straight and cross them.
She must make a glaive.
Yes. To keep her from you. But now that we are inside the Fortress you will be able to contact her.
The Beast will kill her.
They will hold Lyssa in the Center of the Vortex the place of the Beast where its power is greatest. No man can match it there. Lyssa must try to move toward us. For as we enter the Vortex and move closer ...
Let us wish him peace.
He ran a great risk helping us today. If he opposes his fate his death will be terribly painful.
You must never know her name.  If more than one approaches she will certainly kill them. Alone I may have a chance.
You will tell me her name and we will go together.
From here I must go alone.
He sees betrayal everywhere. He will attack us so long as he is conscious.
I will melt that gold and pour it down your throat old man!
He thinks you betray him with Lyssa.  Colwyn! The waters deceive you!
Traitor! She'll marry you in hell!
Then we must reach her before she feels that pain.
You are young. You don't understand the attraction of great power and you forget the pain of long waiting.
No. She must agree of her own free will.
Can she be forced?
Like you she has extraordinary powers. He would make her his Queen.
Lyssa? <u>Why</u>?
He has come for Lyssa.
There is no other way. You asked me why the Beast had come this time.
No. We will find another way to locate the Fortress.
You will know in good time.
But you suspect.
I'm not sure.
<u>Why</u>?
No. Then they were led by his underlings. But I knew he had come this time from the ferocity of their onslaught from their use of The Fortress. They use up much of their strength to do these things. They are taking great risks.
The first time when they attacked long ago was The Beast here?
She is too deep. The curved tunnel we saw is part of the Vortex the place of The Beast.
I cannot reach her.
I will find her!
The deeper she goes the harder it is to contact her. Once she is below the second level you will not be able to reach her at all.
She was very faint. I was barely able to reach her.
Yes they knew of your first contact so they drove her below.
She can't see out. She can't tell us where the Fortress is.
Darkness. Tunnels and corridors.  Wait.
What do you see?
I can't reach her.
Everyone of his race is born knowing the day of his death.
They know when they're going to die?
Yes. They will be more help than high-born barons.
You choose these?
Nor will I till my bride is beside me.
You have not slept in two days.
Then we must be ready. Five leagues from here is the Eastern Tower. I know the Barons who hold it. Good men and brave. They will help us.
No. They occupy the Fortress but they cannot control its movement. It is moved by Fate. And sooner or later Fate will place it near us.
Then even if Lyssa tells us where she is we'll never be able to reach her for they will never allow the Fortress to rise near us.
Yes. Each dawn it rises in a different land: sometimes in the mountains sometimes in the jungle sometimes the desert sometimes the sea. Never in the same place twice.
The Fortress moves?
It is the Fortress of Krull. I know it only from the stories of wars on other worlds. They did not use it on our world in the first great war for it costs them enormous power. This time they mean to conquer at all costs.
She was in a great fortress first in the mountains then in the jungle. How is that possible?
You must break when the strain becomes too great or you will harm yourself. And you must concentrate your powers for when they are needed most. What did she answer?
Lyssa ... Lyssa ...
Reach out farther. Call to her.
There is nothing.
You won't have to.
I am too old to climb down a rope.
You have rope?
But it opens onto the sheer wall of the Needle. There's no way down.
But there is another entrance to this place.
There is no other way.
Two or three days! While Lyssa is in their hands?
With two or three days' practice you'll be able to use it as well as I can. Then we'll have a chance of fighting our way out of here.
In the old books. It's called a glaive.
Your powers are greater than you know.  Have you ever seen one of these?
I have no extraordinary powers.
This is not the first time the Dark Ones have attacked our world. They came once before a thousand years ago. A young king and queen with extraordinary powers were given to us then to lead the struggle. My fore-father was their Councilor as I will be yours.
I have lived in this place like my fathers before me guarding the old knowledge. I knew when I had no son that the Great War would come in my time and that I would be the one to pass on the old knowledge to a new king. Come.
We were married. Then she was taken by the Slayers. You must help me.
Turold's son was to marry her.
The new Queen lives.
Does the Queen live?
The White Castle has fallen.
Each to his fate.
Each to his fate.
Yes. It is today.
It is today?
I road them often in my youth.
You have done it?
They can be saddled.
What will happen?
Do not let the waters touch you.
We must enter the swamp.
I found the body of the Seer in the stream.
How did you know?
You will not then?
I feel your pain but I cannot betray her.
One night is no betrayal. Have pity on me.  Please I beg you do not refuse me. You do not know the price.
I cannot betray my bride.
Then give me comfort. Sleep with me tonight.
I cannot take comfort when she has none.
Let me comfort you.
I ache with it.
You too are lonely.
Even by you?
Am I not beautiful enough to be loved?
Am I not worth returning to?
I don't think that.
Perhaps you think no man would return to me.
I know the cruelty of such a fate.
What else is left for a man without friends.
You and I will guard the fire.
Try your tricks on me and I'll turn myself back into a snake and bite you.
<u>What</u>? Oh no! Better it was me. There isn't another good tomato within a hundred leagues.
Not yet my friend. It's your tomato that's dying.
No more my lord - my friend. With Ergo the Magnificent by your side your enemies are dead men.
I have need of friends.
My <u>friend</u>.
I was hoping I might be your friend.
Your kingship ... your lord high mightiness ... when I called you a ... a ... whatever I called you I didn't realize that you were ... were ...
He saved our lives.
Once is enough thank you.
Staying alive.
What business?
I just remembered I have urgent business in this direction.
For that rudeness peasant lout I am going to leave you hanging by your heels when I depart. Which is right now.
Perhaps he expected to eat it.
Blast! A thousand miles off course. Well I was rushed. There was a certain difference of opinion concerning a venison pie. The foolish man left it sitting on his windowsill. What did he expect?
A forest near the Valley of Needles.
It could have been quicksand! I might have been sucked to my death.  Where is this place?
I doubt it. The water is only an inch deep.
Help! Help! I'm drowning!
There's no way to outrun it. You know that. This is what Ynyr was preparing me for. It's what he died for.
Colwyn don't be a fool. You can't do battle with that thing.
Make for the wall. I'll catch up.
Perhaps. If the pay is good.
I intend to keep you alive your majesty. So you can abdicate your throne and become my Warlord.
A good thrust my friend. Another second and there'd have been nothing between my head and shoulders but bad memories.
Subject to the King no doubt.
You're resourceful my lad.  I tell you one year under my tutelage and I could make you the Prince of Thieves.
At the gallop!
We must cover a hundred leagues before sunrise.
Those beasts cannot be saddled by mortal men.
We could reach it on fire-mares.
Yes my lord.
Go. I command you.
Well it is true that if I received a royal command I couldn't very well disobey it could I?
The best. But my unhappiness is not made lighter by adding your's to it.
What kind of friend do you think I am?
Go join them.
They do not exist except in the waters of the Swamp where they will remain.
Forgive me my friends. I saw terrible things.
A flicker of talent.
Hand over your dinner.
Lad you have an unnatural desire to pay for things. It stunts the mind and shrivels the imagination.
These we'll pay for.
Yes. It will double our range.  I know at least a dozen ways to get horses. All cheap.
We must try to get horses.
You've eaten nothing.
I knew you would not be. That's why I chose you.
Well I'm not impressed.
Those are not child's tear. A child cries for himself a man cries for those he loves.
Forgive me. It's childish to cry.
Not sleepy either?
I'm not hungry.
Why do they burn the villages? There's nothing to gain.
They burn many villages. Even walled cities fall to them.
I'm all right.
When did you last sleep boy?
I compel no man to follow me on this journey.
That I promise you.
It should be an interesting journey then.
To the place where Death lives.
And where do you lead boy?
So your sons will speak of you to your grandsons and your grandsons to their grandsons.
And in the few seconds before I dice you to crow-food tell me why I am going to follow you.
You will follow me.
They stand at the edge of the grave and make jokes.  Do you know who I am sprout? I am Torquil Lord of the forest. My men follow no man but me and I follow no man at all.
I know you.
Hah! You don't know me boy.
Because you would not rob if you had no children to provide for.
How did you know I had sons?
Fame is what you leave to your sons.
Fame?  Thank you no. Fame is the burial ground of contentment. Eat it and go hungry; count it and go broke; seek it and grow mad. Fame is what fools yearn for and wise men shun.
Smart as well as quick. Now what do you have to give us?
I don't think you'll grow careless.
And mine goes with you.
My heart stays here.
I cannot go with you my friend.
And what do you think a small person lives in you one-eyed fool? Leaving me here to mope while you and the boy were arranging my assassination.
A small house.
A venison pie as big as a house.
Can't I come too?
We'll meet you at the inn.
Where are you going?
I'm glad.  I'm very glad.
The Swamp of Betrayal. Be glad we don't have to cross it.
What is that awful looking place?
I am Quell.
Tonight and every night my friend for this is the second time you've saved my life.  I am Ergo the Magnificent short in stature tall in power etcetera etcetera.
Me.  May I eat with you tonight?
A <u>boar</u>? Those incompetent louts couldn't catch a piglet much less a boar.
Would you settle for a boar?
Nothing worse than lower-class boors with upper-class morals.
No no. I'm with you boy.
Would you desert your friends?
Oh she was so beautiful - and I was so <u>ugly</u>.
And do you think I'm not going to eat myself to death this very night? Huh?
We meant only to please you.
It's right behind you.
Not working? This nose? This nose works day and night. This nose has never loafed an hour in its life. This nose ...  What?  Impossible. This nose asleep while venison fills the air?  Where is it boy? Tell me where it is and I forgive you everything.
I don't think it's working.
What? Now you poke me in the nose as well?
First you desert me and now you mock me. Go back to your one-eyed friend.
Sir Ergo? ... My honorable Lord Ergo? ...
A foolish wish. And you Quell?
I only want one.
One puppy? Why not wish for a hundred?
I'd wish for a puppy.
If I could wish ...  ... for anything I'd wish for a venison pie the size of a ...  ... mountain. No that's too greedy. I'd settle for one the size of a house.
Smart lad.  Bring me my spices!
I'm hungry.
I ...  ... am Titch.
I am Ergo the Magnificent ...  ... short in stature ...  ... tall in power ...  ... narrow of purpose ...  ... wide of vision.
You can have half.
I have a cinnamon bar.
What kind of a boy are you? Boys always have candy.
Sugarballs?
Bread is for peasants and wine makes me sneeze. Got any gumdrops?
No! Not yet! Let me hug it and kiss it a little.  Let me run my fingers over its lovely skin.  Let me climb to the top and sing to it.
Look at its insides.
Look at its beauty. Look at its grace.
I can't hold the weight of both of you!
Your boast is a bigger mouthful than your roast Magnificence.
The greatest boon of your otherwise worthless life blockhead is the privilege of dining on boar roasted by the hand of Ergo the Magnificent.
Passable pimple very passable.
Oh my poor stomach.
Oh my poor stew!
I must take the old man to see some sick children. Kegan will guard you.
I am being exploited! Where are you going?
Surely a sorcerer of the sauce pan can make rabbit taste like venison.
Food for crows.
We have plenty of hares.
And do you think I live on air?
Many villagers are hiding in the forest. They need food.
What are you doing with my dear? Stop! Thieves!
I am Ergo the Magnificent and I do not travel with thieves and robbers.
You had better manners as a pig.
Put me down you lout!
Get me down from here you louts or I'll turn you all into pigs!
But also very young. Six to one is no odds boy.
No. He will master the leader.
They'll trample him to death!
Well at least I'm glad to see you have a sense of humor. That's the first smile I've seen on that gloomy face of your's ...  ... isn't it? It isn't. Oh no. Oh dear. Oh now I've gone and done it.
He is the King.
And who is <u>he</u> that they should join <u>him</u>?
He didn't join them. They joined him.
If that were so you'd be dead now. He was aiming at the Dark One for there is ancient hatred between them. Once his race had two eyes like other men until his forefathers bargained with the Dark Ones: they gave up one of their eyes in return for the power to see the future. But they were cheated for the only future they were permitted to see was the time of their own death.
He was aiming a huge spear right at me!
The one with red eyes was a Dark One the other was a Cyclops and it was not you he meant to kill.
One with red eyes the other with one eye both trying to kill me.
<u>Me</u>? Travel with <u>you</u>? I am Ergo the Magnificent ...  ... short in stature ...  ... tall in power ...  ... narrow of purpose ...  ... wide of vision. And I do not travel with peasants and beggars. Goodbye!
The forest is not safe these days. You'd best travel with us.
My spells always go wrong when I am observed. Be gone!
He will not come. You will be my queen.
He will come for me.
Then he will die!
He will not!
These walls do not lie! He will betray you.
It's a lie!
I do not want your worlds or your slaves.
You know nothing of power you foolish girl. You think power is a mighty sword or a strong castle or the paltry magic of an Emerald Seer. Power is none of these.
I do not want your power. It is hideous.
They will have the life that you and I might have had.
A fine match.
A match for your son I think.
A girl of some spirit your daughter.
That I am my lady.
You knew! You are a rude bumpkin!
I will tell you something you did not know Turold. Had it been my choice all those years ago I would have chosen you for my king. But my parents chose otherwise.
It is important to assure the succession.
For some the lure of power is stronger than the ties of blood. No matter. I had hoped to have the wedding next spring Lord Turold with all the nobles of the kingdom in attendance. But Fate and this war have ordained otherwise.
Modred has treated with the Dark Ones.
Lord Rowan is one of Lyssa's godfathers. He will defend her in the ceremony. I wish that Lord Modred were here. He is a godfather of her own blood.
We will hold. Their power is not unlimited.
It is the way of all invaders. Those they would conquer they divide buying allies with promises of land and power.
The attacks are unceasing: by night the Dark Ones; by day those of our people who have sold themselves to them those traitors who are called the Slayers.
It is only a few weeks and already half our strong places have fallen.
It has been taken Freylag and all his people slaughtered.
Freylag's stronghold?
Barak is still strong in the north and Tendo holds the high passes. But the great desert forts have fallen.
What news from our friends?
He leads a group of Slayers under the leopard banner.
Modred! Impossible!
We will have to try again. His knowledge is great. Without it we cannot hope to win.
Sixty at the needle another thirty in the forest. Only ten of us made it back.
How many did you lose?
I tried to reach Ynyr the old one. I led a hundred men to his place in Granite Needle but it was surrounded. The Dark Ones guard it by night and by day they call out the Slayers. Ynyr cannot get out and no one can get in.
You were lucky. I lost thirty there.
Yes. We lost five.
You were attacked in the forest?
They will fail for during the day the power of the Circle is greater than theirs. Only at night can they pierce the Circle.
The Dark Ones will appose you with all their power.
Yes. It is the Western Ocean.
Can you see?
I will seek the Fortress for you.
It is the time.
Yes. You have left your place in the Needle. It is the time then.
You know the voice.
With an old voice?
The new King.
Such a vision will be opposed. Who seeks it?
We seek the Fortress of Krull.
That is true.
Go now.  Quell was wise. He knew that a man cannot ask more of his death than it help his friends.
It is too late. He has drunk.
Yes they are weakening. It takes great power to maintain the Fortress and they have expended much.
It is not necessary. They will not follow.
I'll stay behind and keep them busy.
It's a hundred leagues from here.
We must reach the Valley of Reeds before the next dawn.
Each to his fate. Wait for me at the inn. If I am not back by dawn you will know my fate and you must go on without me.
Each to his fate lad.
Fewer will survive them.
Few have survived it.
She had another name once.
Her name is Death.
Perhaps she will not kill me for I know her name.
She has the power to kill.
She has the power of vision.
That creature helps no one. And none who go there return.
The Widow of the Web?
I must go to the widow. Perhaps she will help.
Yes.  Like you a King. A King of many worlds. All enslaved.
The leader of the Dark Ones?
No maze to me my fried. It is where we take refuge when they hunt us.
Many have perished in that maze.
We can save half a day by crossing the Stone Lake.
There's an Emerald Circle a few leagues from here.  We'll find her.
We'll seek an Emerald Seer. They have great powers of vision.
No. They are sad solitary creatures rarely seen.
Knowledge I wouldn't want.
There is sand enough for only one life. Go now save the other.
You will come with me.
You cannot stop time. Go now before it runs out.
I cannot stop the sand.
Then the other Lyssa will share your fate. She will grow old in the Fortress as you have grown old here.
It will not help.
Tomorrow the Fortress of Krull will rise with the sun in the Valley of Reeds. But the knowledge is of no use to you. No man has ever escaped the Web. And soon the creature will come for you even here.
A young man seeks her. A young man about the age I was when I met you.
Could I lie to you and still see your beauty?
There is a girl there. Her name is Lyssa.
Why must you know?
The Fortress of Krull. When will it come near here?
Power you have given me. What can my power give you?
Memory is no trick it is a power. The power to see.
Those are reflections.  <u>This</u> is my face!
It is no trickery.
Do not try your trickery on me!
I killed him when he was born.  This place is my punishment.
Where is he? My son.
You had left me! I kept silent out of rage.
You said nothing. You told me nothing.
You had a son.
We had no children.
She bore you many children?
No she was not as beautiful.
She was not as beautiful.
Could not. Could not betray the girl to whom I was betrothed.
But you would not stay with me.
The most beautiful woman in the world.
I was beautiful then.
It is fifty years since I spoke it to you.
It is fifty years since I heard that name.
Who speaks that name!
Well why not!? That's exactly how everything works. How else could the city stay in balance -- You have a better idea?
Dunno... flameout maybe. Whatever happens you can bet it's final. But who would want to find out?
Just wondered... what happens?
Not in my time...
Has anyone ever broken in to where the babies are?
You need a lift. Let's go to Arcade and celebrate...  your alert successor... Logan-6.
Even the alarm didn't wake him.
Had enough?
Maybe maybe not. What's the difference? Come on Logan let's get out of here before everybody finds out.
Open your eyes once idiot.  It's not every day that a Sandman son is born. I'm telling you Francis -- that's him!
You should've seen me take my last Runner... perfect.  I backed him up against a residence pool and when he terminated... his hand...  So now you've seen him... what's the difference awake or asleep?
Turn this way.  No no... not you... YOU!
You are here. I couldn't believe it when they told me. What are you doing?
Yes. Oh yes.  He was after you. I remember. You're running!
...and he was hunting the first one this one. Wasn't he? Wasn't he? This one was running the other one was hunting him...
That's right. The other one came after. The older one. Smashing killing burning!
Holly. Holly! Please... The other Sandman. Remember the one who came after --
He's the one. You too. I remember. He was in a hurry. Just a face job. Dark hair I said. Then he killed Doc and you grabbed me -- and the machine blew up and I ran... I ran.
No Holly -- wait! He's running. Tell them the rest!
It's him! The first Sandman. He killed... Doc.
I never go upstairs. You're a nice old lady.
When do you go up?
I'm very smart.
Why aren't you in Nursery?
Where do you live Mary?
I'm Mary 2.
What's your name?
Of course.  I don't know where...  I just took them for granted.  It's our only chance.
Is it inside the city?
It's part of the hydrogalvanic system. The ocean tides are changed into energy somehow.
What does that water do?
Beloved wife...
Beloved husband...
Sanctuary is the right to live... nothing more. But nothing less either...
And Sanctuary?
Yes. You and I Jessica. 
I want to be alive and with you that's all I want.
Jessica... listen to me... listen to me...  The Lifeclocks made me kill Francis. They make people die or be killed every day. If I didn't try and destroy that... I couldn't live here or anywhere. Do you understand?
You want to go back to kill is that it?! Now you'll want to kill your own!!! Kill Sandmen!!! Killing's all you ever...!!!
Things change!
Things won't change... you know that! We can live here together Logan... have a life as long as his... together!
Do you expect me to let things go on without trying to change them?!
You're lying! You'll never have the chance to tell anybody anything! You'll be killed the moment you're seen!
I'm going to try and tell people what we've seen and --
We can't. We're going back.
He asked if we would bury him when his time comes.
What are we promising him? What can we possibly give him?
You're wrong!! It has to be!! It Just has to be!!
There has to be! I know it exists! It has to!!
You want there to be one... that doesn't...
There's a Sanctuary... there is!
One in a million I suppose
He had a mother and father -- and he knew them.
That sweet madman -- how could he come to exist?
It could be...
Look at his face... and his hair...  Is that what it is to grow old?
They all have names and numbers on them. I wonder what they are?
Yes do you think that's why he looks so sad?
I have never seen a face like that before. It must be the look of great age. Whoever he was he was terribly old.
Then the answer's yes...
...But I still have the choice...?
You know Jessica.
You can have any woman in the city. What do you really want?
The Lifeclocks have no power outside.
What does it mean?
Thirty thousand years didn't last very long did they?
You're right... it must be near now. We'll find it.
How would anyone know? Even if we find it -- we can never go back.
Maybe we're the first ones to get through...  Maybe Sanctuary is near now... another protected place. It couldn't be outside.
Do you think he was telling the Truth?
It all seemed to make sense until Box.
Don't ever let go.
I doubt it.
Do you think everything's going to turn to ice?
Why don't we rest here? We know we can eat these.
It's getting dark and cold. I'm tired.
Sooner or later we'll have to try something.
We'll be all right...  We will...
I hate outside! I hate it!
It feels like breath. It makes everything move. Your hair is moving.
What's that?
I guess so... I know I felt something I never felt before... and I didn't like it... not a bit.  I'll tell you one thing... Sanctuary better be worth it. That's the last place for me to live now.
Because you felt like a Runner didn't you.
I had to. I did kill... for the first time in my life I killed.
I wanted to...  ...And you... what made you kill Sandmen?
You knew that I wasn't before didn't you?  Why did you stay with me?
You're really one of us now aren't you?
It doesn't make any difference anymore.
I don't know what's going to happen to us Logan but --  Are you glad you didn't kill him?
It's brighter there... besides we can't go back.
I'm afraid.
Ycch.  To kill things and then eat them. It must have been a savage world.
Some kind of breeding pens... I suppose... They say people used to breed animals fish anything...  ...to eat of course.
What do you suppose this was...?
It's the only way.
How do we know this is the right way?
Why Jessica? You're still a green.
Will you take me with you?
They're watching us now. They'll let us in when they're sure.
How will they know we're coming?
Exactly four steps now. Let me lead you.  Now to the right. It's narrow here you'll have to get behind me.
We'll convince them.
You think Sandmen will?  There's no other way for me
They won't listen.
I'd rather take my chances with them... than with Francis.
They won't believe us.
Will he find us and kill us? Yes... or one of the others.  You know there's only one place to go now...
He's good isn't he?
Because he's my friend --  and I don't want to be killed by him -- or anyone.
Yes.  I don't know what else to do -- with him following us.  Why do you keep running from your --
Are you taking me to them?
No. Not that either.
Then -- why don't you leave me -- go to them -- explain
I -- I can't.
That's nothing... there's a Sandman behind us too and there'll be more soon. Take me to them.
Yes but they won't know that... or care. They're hunting you Logan. Maybe me too now...
All right. But why? I didn't kill the Runner.
Logan I don't know where Sanctuary is. But if I take you to them they'll kill you.
Where? Sanctuary? Can you take me there?
I'm ashamed. I was bringing you to be killed.
Muscle? I don't know that one.
The Cubs. When they're flying on muscle there's no way to catch up. Without the dazzle they'd just go past us --  -- too fast
But what is this -- why?
Just follow -- no matter how it seems...
Let's see -- how long has it been?
I don't remember exactly... except I was a Green.  What would you like to relive Logan?
When did you begin to question Lastday?
I'm only telling you what I've heard...  Haven't you ever wondered what your seed-mother was Like...?
Insane. Nurseries are better than any mother could be.
Some people say children need human mothering.
Instead of what? Nine months inside a woman:  We're all raised the same but most of us don't become cubs in Cathedral.
Maybe they're angry because they're grown in meccano-breeders.
They're like beasts. Wild.
That's nice.
I'd rather be with you.
Why not? Maybe she'll help me. You won't. You'd better stay here.
You're not going are you?
A Runner... Cathedral. A woman.
We're coming to Arcade.  Shall we Relive together?
If you trusted me you'd know.
Of course --
If you did know you'd tell me.
I wish I knew what you think I know.
Maybe you'll think of something...
I wish I could help you.
That's tomorrow.
What're you going to do?
What do you need?
Are you here to help me?
And I never heard of Sanctuary.
I never heard of a Sandman running... ever...
I don't have much time.
Please? What friends?
Speak to your friends for me Jessica... please...
I let him go... believe me.
And then you killed him right?
A Runner gave it to me.
Where did you get that?
It's different now. Help me.
I know what everyone knows. Try like hell for Renewal. You have the same chance everyone else has.
Both... running's what I'm interested in.
About running dying what?
You know something.
Why tell me?
I'm going to run.
Why show me?
I don't believe you. There has to be more.
You can have any woman in the city. What do you really want?
Then it's still no.
Thanks... but I have the choice.
Maybe... sure...
I'm the most beautiful woman you've ever seen I suppose?
I couldn't get you out of my mind.
Here I am.  Shall I come in?
But I wasn't sure you'd come.
You could have called me yourself.
You're sure you don't want to try?
What Quad do you live in?
You're years away... I don't know why you're thinking of these things much less talking about them.  Want to try?
Six. I go red next year.
Are you a 5 or a 6? 
I didn't say that I would run... I just...
But if you're one of the misfits... that's where I come in.
So? Do what everyone does. Try like hell for renewal.
I suppose. But what if you want to live?
You shouldn't even think such things...  And you picked a strange person to say them to --
Why is it wrong to run?
I'm not armed.  Well?
I'm afraid to tell you.
I'm listening.
Not about that.
Let's have sex.  I thought you were curious.
How a Sandman lives.
About what?
I changed my mind.
I thought I had to do something.
But you put yourself on the circuit!
You're beautiful. Let's have sex.
You felt sad. What's your name?
Nobody. I felt sad... I put myself on the circuit.
I never 'killed' anybody in my life. Sandmen terminate Runners.  Who brought you?
Isn't it right? Isn't that what you do? Kill.
Killed? Why do you use that word?
He was killed.
Yes... probably he was renewed?
A friend of mine went on Carousel tonight. Now he's gone.
Sad? What made you sad?
Nothing. I felt sad I put myself on the circuit. It was a mistake.
Well then...?
You prefer women?
No.  Just no.
Please... No.
What's wrong Available?
Where are you going?
Come with us.
We'll remember. But that's a long time off...
Of course... that's settled then. But just you remember your promise...
At least it's over...
I'll make the arrangements.
They're put into the ground so they can be visited by the living...
What's that?
We'll have to bury him.
I don't know... but it does.
What people?
All this. All of it.
What belongs to the people?
You're both full of secrets like Macavity.  Did you steal this?
I don't know.
What kind of jewel is this?
Mother and Father said so... you know?
Are you sure?
And... and how were you grown? Inside your mother?
But there are so many of them. Do you know each one separately.
Yes cats of course. What else could they be? Cats. Of course each one has his own name too.
No -- Look I'm in a hurry.
My name's Holly... Holly 13. In ancient times they said my number was unlucky. Do you believe in luck?
It's all right with me. Is he here?
I like your face. Would you mind if Doc took a picture? I'd like him to give your face to somebody else.
A Sandman can get as sick of his face as anyone else. Where's the doctor?
We don't get many Sandmen. I think we've only had one other since I've been here.
Do you want to see Doc?
Hello Sandman.
Oh my... I'll try.
Can you make it back?
Oh... I did so look forward to seeing all those people.
I know...  We're going to try and get in this way. I don't think you can make it.
Oh yes... I think...
Stay? They lived together all their years?
That's better than gold when it's cold.
I promise. We'll go on as soon as it's light.
Is that really it? It doesn't seem very far. Will we be there soon?
And all alive you say?
More... many more.
Thousands and thousands... as many as my cats?
To a city with thousands and thousands of people.
What a pity. I was hoping you'd be here to bury me.
We're leaving.
Are you ready to put him in?
Of course you can stay. This belongs to the people.
May we stay here for a while? We'd like to rest.
Never never ever. Nothing.
Did your Mother or Father ever mention another place?
What's beyond this place -- do you know?
I'm sorry but I don't have anything to give you.
No -- I'm sorry. It's not possible.
They're beautiful. May I have one too please?
Dead... they're dead... and buried.
Where are they?
Mother and -- ? You knew your mother and father?
My parents thought so. Mother and Father. You know?
What makes you think so?
But there may be a few around somewhere.
Have any other people ever passed through?
Gracious... no.
Are there any other humans?
I have always been here...
How did you get here?
Just a place I suppose... who knows?
What kind of place is this?
For as long as I can remember.
How long have you been living here?
No. Jessica goes back now. Take her back.  Now! Go on back. Back outside Jessica.
Someone will follow. When you come to the lock he will tell you how to go on the other side. Jessica may go with you as far as the lock.
Will there be someone to tell us where to go from there...?
It doesn't matter who we are. Follow the tunnel to the end.
I don't know who you are. I'd like to thank someone.
Clear Logan-5 and Francis-7.
Logan-5... Francis-7 authorized duty quadrant. Intrusion accidental.
Break-in scanners report intrusion identify.
You don't seem quite sure Jessica.  Can you do it? Will you?
No -- just there -- on the first level.  Don't look for us. We'll see you.
Too little?  Too little. Okay wait for me.
Too little.
Cheeks? Cheeks? Right. Too much you think?
I don't know. The cheeks maybe... look a little --
Well? How do you like it?
Lose your name and identity work endless hours an behalf people who don't know you exist and abandon any hope that you might one day feel even the slightest bit sure of your place in the universe.
And if I say yes?
It's easy.  You work your way up the secret service one day stand with the President meet the most important people on the planet fulfill your dreams live happily ever after.
Oh you'll still be guarding him.
Once I thought the biggest thing I'll ever do was guard the president.
I gotta be honest about something.
No. just peace on Earth.
And Goodwill Toward Man?
We have one motto: Peace on Earth.
You got smeared.
I guess I lost:
Kids' game a couple galaxies over.
What the hell...
...touch that.
It's not even a fucking door.
So... this door.  It's... not an exit...  ?
It means I know you think you got a beat on things.  But trust me you don't.  You don't even have an inkling of a hint of a clue as to what's really going on in the world.    And if you want to find out even a little you'll shut up and come with me. And if you don't fine.  Go with them. Cause I'm not interested in breaking in another little hot-shot only to have him wig or die on me just when I'm starting to count on him.  So forgive me if you don't exactly hear me ringing little bells and whistling welcome aboard but this isn't the Love Boat.  And I'm not Captain Fucking Stubing.  Now I'm sorry.  But this has been one long bad day.
Yes.  That's true.  Actually at this point I just want A job.  Wait. What do you mean... yet?
Cowan-- will you shut your god damed mouth?
of course not cause his head is that thing way on the other side of the road cause if you looked at it the entire sidewalk full of stuff was actually ONE GUY and--
Sir before you boot me I just want to explain.  I mean okay you got a goat-guy with a hook for a head...
Obvious?  Why don't you and I have a little talk about the obvious... outside.
Well I dunno.  I mean when you looked at all the other options... it just seemed sorta obvious.
The hell were you thinking?
Uh... yes.  Apparently I did air.
You shot an eight year old girl.
I'm not talking about that.  I'm talking about your choice of targets.
Hesitated sir.
The hell happened?
No. But You'll get used to it.    Welcome to the Men in Black.
It'll make sense later?
His physics are a little different than ours.  Don't worry
So... wait.  You just asked... but he goes so fast he actually brought what you asked for before you asked for it.
Hang on. -- And this is the good part; when you're fully ordained he'll come when you call him too.  Dave.
Sorta literally gets ahead of himself.
Hell of an assistant isn't he?  Damn guy moves so fast he actually gets there before you even ask for him.
Yes air? -- OOOMPH.
Everybody listen up: we've had a tremendous amount of movement lately. Be aware.  Be safe.  Have a good day.  Oh uh... Cowan?
What happens if I say no?
Only the damn guy won't know it.
Mrs. Edelson?
No-- it makes sense.  Cause I gotta tell ya when I was in third grade they told me I was crazy cause I swore that our teacher was from like Venus or something.
You think we're nuts.
We're the government Cowan.
Sir.  I thought those records were sealed.
For instance...  It says here you lost your parents at 15 and since then...
What's so funny cadet Cowan?
They don't.  Now son.  If you get the job you're going to be working with some very particular people who like to do things in some very particular ways.  Here's a little piece of advice:    Don't use this so much.
They don't?
Your supervisors have no idea why you're here.
... think that maybe my supervisors referred me here because of certain issues which I assure you I have spent a good deal of time working very hard to correct--
Yes air.  But I'm usually wrong. Sir.
All the time sir.
Cowan.  Do you ever think that maybe just maybe other people might be right and you might be wrong?
Actually sir--
Look. I don't know why.  I could guess however.  Maybe it's your attitude.  Or that you're not even close to a team player.  Or that you always seen to think you know more than your supervisors.
Then where did it-- ? Sir.  Forgive me but it makes no sense. worked my ass off to grad--
Well this didn't.
Bull... loney- Sir.  I'm sorry.  Sir I'm sorry. Sir.  I just I find it hard to believe that it didn't come from you.  I mean everything here comes from you.
Actually it didn't come from me.
Further... what are you talking about air?  That makes no sense-- I hold three cadet class records--
Sorry Cowan I found out literally just before the ceremony.' Apparently you're to report for further review.
Dee.  God damn it.  I told you to go home.
Home?  You gotta be kidding me.    Black?
Dee you've been useful for 50 years.  We're clueless you're tired. Why don't you go home and get some rest.
'Hell I may as well do something useful.
Yup.  Sure is.
Helluva night isn't it?
Don't worry about it.
Listen-- do me a favor-- don't mention the 140 thing--
Grab the coffee will ya?  I told Zed I'd give him a buzz.
Oh yeah?  The hell you weren't. Little pither just out of school...
I wasn't scared...
Don't worry about it.  It's been a long night.  Speaking of which-- you owe me a cup of coffee remember?
Kay listen I dunno what got into--
Don't worry about it.  Four-Eyes'll run a track on him.  We'll get that son of a... whatever the hell he's the son of.
Kay I'm sorry...
Little more burn on the perimeter-they weren't roasting smores here. Dig out this hole a little.  Cmon I know it's late but the sooner we get it right the sooner we'll all be home.
What?  I thought you just--
Oh. Shit. it's in the car--
Mikey.  Hold it Mikey-- I want you to talk to me.  Mikey.  I'm telling you.. don't make me... Mikey   Gimme the 140.
Three huh?  Really? Cause a cup of coffee says we're talking about... number... four?  Huh?  No?
I'd go with number three.
Which do you have your money on Dee?
You heard me.  You two especially.
Underground gas vein.  Next time be more careful when you shoot off your guns.
Actually that's a very good question.  The answer-- if You'll Just look at this Part-- is here.
Why?  What are you gonna do?
This is a neurelyser. it was a gift from some friends from out of town. I need you to look at it.  This red eye here isolates and measures the nature of the electronic impulses currently in your brain.  More specifically the ones -for memory which it will then block.   I said I need you to look right here.
Sir you can't just--
Pasen al-furgon v larguense de aqui! Take the van and go.
Vayanse. You others go on.
INS Washington.  Special services.
What?  Who the hell are you?
We'll take it from here.
Oh no I can't do this job by myself.
I haven't been training a partner -- I've been training a replacement.
Kay you're scaring your partner.
Not her. Me.    They're beautiful aren't they? The stars. I never just look anymore and they're beautiful.
Who's she gonna tell anyway? She only hangs out with dead people.
There wasn't time sport!
You coulda told me what you were doing.
And I almost got digested. It goes with the job.
After I got the shit beat out of me!
Getting eaten!? That was your plan!?
You were saying?
Do IT!  SHOOT HIM!
In case I need it.
in case I need it?
Actually it is a shotgun.  Hold onto it--
Wow... this one's cool.  And it looks just like a shotgun.
Right.  Oh and here.
Do his job.
I'm going to try and cut him off at the hotel.  You guys get to the Memorial.   Keep this stuff hidden.  The last thing we need is some over-zealous Secret Service twirp to...
I'd double it and add 20.
Would you call this a code 100?
It's marble.
Well if the bugs have hatched and they're not here... then where are they?
We saw it in the office.  It went from this big...    to big...   in a day.
For how long?
Maybe they didn't get here.  Maybe they've been here.
Since as long as we've been keeping records...
Since how long?
Everything left the planet right? Except one thing.    That little insect-- the one we found in Sudbury.  Did it leave when everything else left?
What are you doing?
That's my point.  For thirty years you've been looking through things and under things and behind things. Well what I'm saying is maybe this is a time where you should look right at things.  He said our enemy in already here.  Well maybe it is.  Maybe our enemy is literally already here.
Cause I've been doing this thirty years and if I don't know when something doesn't feel right by now--
I know you don't trust him.  You don't trust anybody--
I know what you're saying.  And I'm telling you I don't trust him--
Kay.  All I'm saying--
Great.  Fine.  Listen why don't we call the pentagon maybe they'll take you back with the new age well wishers.  I'll stay here and go extinct with the dinosaurs.
Well... if you think about it then it would mean that maybe everything he's saying is true.
How does that help me?
Yes.  Well in his own mind yeah.  What if from his point of view he is?
He's here to help!?
Hang on.  There's gotta be something on this guy.    Did you contact the Alliance?  Do they have anything?
You know something?  I actually never think of that.  I gotta get some coffee.
What if he's telling the truth?
Oh yeah?  Fill us in why don't you.
I dunno man.  Maybe we should.
The Pentagon.
Where's it coming?  Where's he landing?
We're rising.
Jesus Christ...
Get back in the car!
That's the Loch Ness Monster.  And... Kay-- that's... 444-Eyes?
Ernie Goose?  Cynthia?
I think that's what's happening...
You think that's what's-happening?
No. The aliens organized all of them and tried a coup. They made it seem like a radio show afterwards.
The radio show?
I don't want to rattle you but Dee was here for the War of the Worlds.
What's going on Kay?
Looks like a train ticket.
And what's this ... ?
Why did Mikey leave Nazca?
I dunno. Why did that family need all their luggage for a dinner?.
Jeebs is eager to have me deport him. But would rather kill himself than go downtown. Why?
Gee.  You really think?
Something's wrong here.
There's a god damn good reason.
There's gotta be a hundred pawn shops in downtown Philadelphia.  I take it there's a reason we're going to this one.
He's a slimy little slithering scumwad is what he is.
Then wouldn't we also know if he's here?
A signazoid's eleven thousand pounds. I think we'd know if held left.
History's proven that where there's a nitrogenizer there's a 12-legged signazoid.  They use it to make our food digestible for their systems.
Or someone has a nitrogenizer.
I guess it's simple huh?  They're either gone... or dead.
Well Mr. Intuition... When the neighbors report screaming and we hear nothing but silence what does that lead you to believe?
It's an Edna named after Zed's ex wife.  All you do is at the target. The scope matches the image with the image on your retina. The barrel will find the target on its own.
what's this?
Let's check am out.
I dunno.  Maybe it was baby supplies Kay starts the car starts to pull a U-turn.
If it was just a meal why did they have so much luggage?
Uh... you mean... a family of sixeyed red-faced space creatures travelling to New Mexico to have dinner with their cousins the invertebrates?  Seemed pretty god damned ordinary to me.
Something seem unusual to you about that?
Let's see... that was second gear..Kay shifts into THIRD.  Jay winces.
Kay um... how uh fast does this thing actually go ... ?
You don't know me at all.
Why?  Well it wouldn't hurt you to have a little more fun.  I know I don't know you all that well but--
Well one thing's for sure.  You could certainly lighten up.
It was a long time ago.-
Ha ha.  No really.
I taught kindergarten.
What'd you do before this anyway? Wait-- let me guess. Ice sculpture? Rock?
You don't know the half of it.
I think you're too used to it.  If you ask me you've been doing this job too long.
If you don't have anyone to tell you won't tell anyone.  Believe me you get used to it.
I know I know.  I read the manual. No attachments.  We work alone. Blah. blah.
Hey I was workin' her.  I was workin' my thing.
Such a shame too.  Cause you made such a good impression the first time.
I know that's usually the only time I actually have a shot.  And what if I wanted to see her again?  I'd have to completely re-introduce myself.
She didn't even know you. .
I'm just saying it was cold.  I think she kind of liked me.
I'm uh... real curious about your met up here. I see you have the uh double-office-type thing going here..
Keep her out of here while I check it out.
I think she's the alien.  In any case she's clearly spent my too much time alone in this room.
This is a college?  I'm sorry I thought it was a carnival.
I know but we're on a college campus...
It's the way we do it.  The way we've always done it.
I tell you if we really wanted to bland in that'd what we'd be wearing.  I think it'd be a good look for you too.  I'll even help you choose a tattoo.
Well first of all... I gotta think we could still blend in pretty nice in a Ferrari Testerrosa.  I mean there is a lot of `em on the street these days and... uh...
So what's the problem?
So... lemme get this straight.  We got the use of all sorts of technology from all sorts of other planets.  We got information no one else in the world is privy to.  And we're in a 1986 Ford LTD about to go look at an insect?
But not a BUG bug-- it's an insect.
It's a bug.
I understand.  Hey it works for the Hasids right?  No one recognizes them.
The point is to not call attention to ourselves.
Oh. Right.  I guess that's kind of cool too in it's own way.  Course this isn't really black; it's kind of a dull dirty tarry sort of noncolor isn't it?
We wear black.
Well how about if I guess then? Black: Vast space.  Deep. Spiritual. The essence of infinity.
Kay.  Seriously.  What if he actually means what he says?
I put word out-- you know how long it takes to get the signals across.
Me too.  I feel a long day coming on.
You know there's something we never really thought of...
Yeah.  His dream and our worst nightmare.
Why does it feel like the only thing scarier than having a bunch of aliens on the planet... is having then leave the planet?
Or what's no horrible down here that everyone's trying to avoid It?
I'm just wondering what's so great out there that everyone's trying to get to it?
Well I'm going to give them something to be afraid of.
They respond to fear right?
What are you doing?
Are you sure you don't?
What if you have the foggiest clue as to where the queen is?
The only thing I could think of would be... you'd have to get rid of the queen.
Okay.  If you've got a bug problem-a big one.  And they're swarming and there's no way to shoot them all individually... how do you get rid of them?
Out of focus?
Is it my eyes... or is that thing a little...
Actually... I don't know.
What the hell does that mean?
What do we do?    Lean into it.
What do we do?
So... how did they get here?
It would've had to have been recently-- within a few weeks.
Man hey-- maybe you are an entopologist after all.
But it's definitely a nest isn't it?
It's the most amazing insect nest I've ever seen.  And I'll tell you one thing it sure as hell ain't the Andean Mollatoosa.
What is it?
I swear to God that was not here two days ago...
Well first of all it's entomologist.
I don't think so.   I mean him he could be a scientist maybe.  But you...  Exterminator I'd understand.  But entopolgist?  No way.
I guess you could say we're entopologists of a sort.
It's hard to find.  It's an old civil war cemetery.  Nobody ever goes there.  So... what is it you say you do?
Actually you may have.
Once-- just once-- I thought I'd made the discovery of a lifetime...
Do have any idea what I just said?
Exactly.  I very much enjoy that.
With exclusionary frecto-inhibitors?
Right right-- I like that stuff.
Yeah right.  Even I can barely read all my work.
Oh yeah well you know.  I'm a big fan.  I've read all your work.
So... how'd you hear about this?
I'd prefer if you were just a little more blunt.
Or when someone has a hideous birthmark and all you do is stare.  I really like that.  Let the other girls have the guys like you. Chiseled jaw perfect nose quirky dimples.  I find you all so boring.
Actually they disgust me.  But that's what I love about them.  Like a car wrack you know how you shouldn't look but you always pull over and watch real close or even pretend you're a reporter so you can get even closer and take pictures?
So I guess you could say you're really into insects...
You're not taking me in!
Let's go Jeebs.  Downtown.
And I'm bringing you in and locking you up until you tell me--
Yes.  Yes that's eminently fair of you.
And I'm arranging deportation papers.
I understand.  I understand thank you. --How about a transmographic dexahydrochlorophallomixaloosalyser?
Your licence is revoked. Permanently.
I figured it didn't matter.  It's my last day of business.   I was wrong.  I'm sorry.  Hey look what I got for you-- a free-floating plasma pad? --One of the good ones too with zoids.
You figured what?
The kid looked desperate.  I figured...
Maybe you need a closer look.
What a coincidence cause I was just thinking about you too Jack.  Recognize this?
Most entirely.  Earth has been overrun with an infestation of a species which in order for the planet to survive must be exterminated.
Goodwill...
Give or take.  It was right around your civil war I think when I was here last.  We were waiting till your planet was warm enough.
Not bad.  Briliiant actually.  You come unarmed and alone.  Cause your army's been growing underground for what? 100 years? 150?
No-- a Person is smart.  People are dumb.    And the more people you put together the dumber they get.  And you know that.
Come on now.  People are smart.
Why don't you ask the Mosebacke?     Brazil. Until 44 years ago they ate with their hands lived in huts and didn't even know the rest of the world existed. 44 years ago a well intentioned missionary gave them a fork.  Today they don't exist.
How could it not?
Pardon me.  I hate to break up this lovely little group hug but we people aren't ready for what we have.  How is this going to help?
What are you talking about it's coming?  What's coming?
It's... coming.
Try seven.  From unauthorized mobilization to appearing unconcealed before a resident.  You wanna tell me what's going on?  Huh?
I dunno. One?
Oh yeah?  Well if you're suddenly such a good samaritan why didn't you file a departure report like you're supposed to?  You know how many rules you've just broken?
Yeah wall you know I was just going there... to pick then up.
I don't believe you Mikey.  And you know why I don't believe you? Cause last time you said that you and your pals left eight dozen empty beer cans on the other side of the moon.
Er. well nowhere special.
Nowhere huh? odd you'd get all dressed up like that just to be going nowhere.
Cause I think we're looking at it.
How'd you know that?  Kay?
Wouldn't happen to be the Lincoln Memorial would it?
Actually yeah--
Did he say where?
Noon exactly.
Did our friend announce when he's making his speech?
I know what this is.    Zed you in?
Nope.  Nothing at all.
Nothing at all?  Now?  Last month? Anything in the last few years?
... recent landings within a hundred mile radius of Sudbury Virginia?
Yeah I'll talk to you.
So... now what?  Cattle call again?
This guy.  Where was he?
I just wanted to scare em.  So I go in to buy a starter's pistol-- you know the kind they use at track meets that shoot blanks-- and this guy he said if I really wanted to mess with with them he had just the thing...
I promised I wouldn't tell.
Tell us the truth.  You don't just find these things at least not in this neighborhood.
I wanna make a deal.
I don't think it's a tradeoff you really want to make.  Now give it to me-- I can reverse the effects if you give it to me now.
Will it lower the curve?
In about 10 seconds they're gonna start losing brain cells at the rate of about a million a minute.
What if I don't?
They're not even gonna be your enemie-a if you don't give that to me really soon.
They're not my pals--
Listen to me. You're holding something very very dangerous. You've just iced 350 of your pals--
Wait-- listen--
Really nice wheels by the way.
Seriously.  I'm not going any further until you tell who you are.
We need to talk to you about the alien.
But unfortunately you're even less attracted to guys you've never seen before.
Hmnn... wall it's funny cause usually I'm not all that attracted to stupid guys but--
Come again?
We're with the immigration and Naturalization Service Intergalactic Bureau.  We monitor all-alien activity in and around Earth and its enveloping atmosphere.
May I have a look?
I mean I dunno.  I've seen insects with really great camoflauge ability.  But never like this.
Yeah.  Nov I know it looks normal but watch this.
Scientific American?  Really?
We're from Scientific American.  We read about your discovery.  We'd like to take a look.
Just a guess.  But I think found a nest.
How'd you know?
Don't tell me.  Insects.
And get this: you know how humans evolved from primates?  Well guess what the dominant life form on planet evolved from?
I got a planet check on that bug.  It's from way the hell out in the third belt. it's organic formed in the same blast that made our solar system.
Yeah?  What's up?
Actually I don't know...
Did it leave?
Well it wasn't in the jar...
They haven't announced it yet.  All I know is we're in motion for the most watched media event in history.
Where's he making his big speech?
As far as I can tell the guy's what he says he is - alone and unarmed.  All he wants is five minutes to introduce himself to the public.
They went to the President? Directly? THEY WENT OVER OUR HEADS?
They went right to the President.
And they're buying it?
What do we have?  Are we showing anything?
I'm getting a trajectory...
Dee?  What are you doing here?
They're gone.
Keep an eye on things there.  We'll see what we can find out at Ernie Goosels.
Hard to tell.  I hope not.
Jesus everyone's moving.  Could be an assembly.  Does it look aggressive?
Even that little bug you found in Sudbury seems to have taken off.
Elle's up in Portland-- three of her charges left visibly at a Trailblazers game.  Shots got a lot to mop up.  Tee says his Shanghai quadrasectionals haven't been around since morning.
What about the other agents?  Ella? Tee?
He's gone too.
What the hell is going on?
I need you in Philadelphia.  I got a code 90 in a-high school.
Highway 119 just west of Smith. Why?
Kay?  What's your 20?
So whattya say kid?  You in or out?
Jupiter actually. well one of the moons.
Fine.  Good.
That and well... I want my friends to see me on CNN.    Okay I will admit it: ours is an illegal hookup.  We'll gladly pay when you can get your trucks out to install it.
And I assume you're bringing this to us because we're the most powerful country on the planet...
A good question.  And a simple answer.  No more hunger.  No more smog. No more overpopulation.  No more war.
If I may sir... what exactly are you offering?
Why you might ask?  Because you're ready.  Because you've finally gone as far as you can go without it.
That's why you have doors Mr. President.  Keys however are to lock the doors.  And locks as you know are to keep people out.  Why? Fear.  You humans are afraid.  So you set up boundaries.  Borders. Your car.  Your home.  Your country.  All the while your true enemy could very well be considered already here among you.  Well I am here to let that enemy go.  Because there's a border you didn't even know existed.  It's the border to the Universe.  And unlike your other borders you humans didn't set this border up to keep other planets from you.  It was set up by others to keep you away from them.  Until now.  Because I have been sent here to open the door.  To present you so to speak with the key to the universe.
Well uh... so we can got into things I guess.
Now what are we looking at?  Keys.  Look at them all.  Why do we have them?  Mr. President?
I'm sorry John but you have to run again.
Oh Jesus...
She's not alive but she didn't die.
She's still alive?
She grew up.
The drowning woman.  Anne... But it was too late.  Her little girl was already gone.
Who wanted her little girl back?
Can't you see?  She just wanted her little girl back.
I am going back.  I see myself there.
Agatha you're never going back there.
I always wondered what the world would be like.  But now that I've seen it I don't need to see any more.  It's all right.  Once I'm in the tank I won't remember any of this.
You want to spend the rest of your life in the temple?
The other two will die without me.
I have to go back.
Someplace safe.
Where are we going?
But you still have a choice.  The others never had a chance to see their future.  You did.
I can't leave.  You said so yourself there is no Minority Report.  I don't have an alternative future.
Please I want to go back...
You were right.  I'm not being set up.
Anderton --
Every day for the last six years I've thought about only two things. The first was what my son would look like if he were alive today. If I would even recognize him if I saw him on the street.  The second was what I would do to the man who took him.
What is it?
I have to find out what happened to my life.  Agatha.  I'm not going to kill the man.  I don't even know him.
I can't.  I have to know.
Anderton leave.
He'll turn around.
No.  Follow him.
Do it.  Right here.  On the ground.
Forget that guy --
Drop some money.
Can you see the balloon man?
They're inside.
I'm sorry but I need your help. You contain information.  I need to know how to get it.  Can you just tell me who Leo Crow is?  Can you tell me if --
Can you see?
How did I not see this?  Agatha who killed you mother?  Who killed Anne Lively?
John?  What is it?
I know... I do too...
I'm so sorry... I just want him back... I want him back so bad...
Anne Lively...
Because I found out about her...
Think John.  Why would they set you up?
Found?  Where?
Just some guy... they found.
Then who was he?
-- but he didn't.
-- go blind.  I know.
I'm setting up a timer.  When it goes off tomorrow take off your bandages and get the hell out of here.  But not before then or you'll --
Organic microbots that reconstruct the nerves and blood vessels. It'll feel like fleas chewing on your eyeballs.  But whatever you do don't scratch.
The nano... what?
I know you're in a hurry so I juiced up the nano-reconstruction around your new eyes.
I can't even stand up --
It goes from the bathroom to the kitchen.
How do I find the --
There's food in the refrigerator. Make sure you drink a lot of water.
How can I do what I do now?  Let's just say I spent a lot of time in the prison library.
So uh if you were a plastic surgeon before...
And put them out.  Some not as quickly as others but let's change the subject shall we?  The future is much more interesting than the past.  Don't you think?
You set your patients on fire!
They were performance pieces.
You made those tapes...
Yes you did.
I put you away --
Baltimore.  Eastside.  Solomon P. Eddie M.D.  I was a plastic surgeon.
From where?  D.C.?
We know each other?
You don't remember me do you?
Tell you what since you and I go way back I'll give you my Old Pal discount.  How's that sound?
It's all I could safely move.
That's not much.
Whatever you say John.
Because my mother gave them to me. What do you care?  They're no good to you on the secondary market anyway.
I know that but I wanna keep the old ones.
And replace them with new ones.
Anesthesia.  Try to relax John.  I'm saying I'll have to remove your eyes.  Completely.
Right.  I know --
You do understand I can't just give you new irises.  The scanners will read the scar tissue.  Alarms will go off.  Large men with guns will appear...
That's comforting.
Don't worry.  I could cut open your chest sew a dead cat in there and you'd never get an infection.  Not with the spectrum of antibios I'll be shooting into you.
It's actually kind of a rush.  They say you get visions; that your life flashes before your eyes.  That all your dreams come true.
You're part of my flock now John. Welcome.
So she cleaned up.  Where is she now?
Looks like she was a neuroin addict like John Doe here but I show an address history that includes the Beaton Clinic.
Just tell me about the intended victim.  This Anne Lively...
No... we have the two previsions from the twins right here but...  ... I can't pull up any data from the female.  Probably just a glitch.
Huh we don't seem to have her data.
On account of those are not his eyes.  He had 'em swapped out to fool the scanners.
Why's he still a John Doe?  Why wasn't he ever ID's from an EYEscan?
... Graveyard shift.
Hence the expression...
I work graveyard swing and day all by my lonesome.
You the only sentry?
For that we have to go for a ride.
Show me just Agatha's data stream.
That's right.  It's a combined data stream based on all three previsions.
This is the official composite of the three precogs?
That's an old one.  One of our first.
This about the Justice Department?  They laid on a tour for tomorrow a.m.  Told me to wear a tie.  You like this one?
Victim's a white female.
No you're not in trouble.  I'm interested in a murder.
I don't ever see any of you precops down here I'm not in trouble am I?
Yes sir.  I'm Gideon.  The music relaxes the prisoners.
You the sentry?
Then go ahead pull the trigger.
No doubt the Precogs have already seen this.
Beauty?  The precogs don't even always agree with each other!
People want to believe in the system.  That's the beauty of it...
I just wanted to congratulate you. You did it.  You've created a world without murder.  So what if you had to kill someone to do it.
Everybody runs.
You can't run --
I'm not getting halo'd.
John.  Please.  Listen to me --
John.  Just tell me who's Leo Crow?
You know I can't do that.  You can't do that...  Lamar I need you to talk to Wally see if Witwer's gone inside the temple again.  Then ask Jad for any off hour EYEdents into the analytical room --
We're years from that.  John I'm asking you: please come in we'll shut down the system until we get this thing figured out.
Can you fake the cerebral output?
How could Witwer have accessed the case file?
I can't.  They're following me right now.  They'll meet me there. They'll halo me.
Then come to my house.  We'll talk --
I'm out of breath!  I'm a fucking fugitive!
All right John just take a breath let's think about this...
I have no idea.  I've never heard of him.  But I'm supposed to kill him in less than thirty-six hours.
And who the hell is that?
Somebody named Leo Crow.
Stop.  Just wait.  Who's the victim?
This is all Witwer.  He's setting me up.
Justice already knows.  Talk to me John.  Tell me what's happening?
Just so you know I've overridden the vehicle locator.  I just wanted to talk to you before Justice --
No?  How's an old man and a cop on the whiff ever going to stop them?
We won't let them.
You understand John that the minute Precrime goes national they're going to take it away from us.
I'm fine Lamar.
What if Danny Witwer came to you right now and insisted on a full chem run?
In the middle of the night?
I go running down there.
I hear you've been spending a lot of time in the sprawl.
She's worried about you.  And quite frankly so am I.
Lara called me.
He's not.  He's looking for a flaw in us John.
If he's looking for a flaw in the system --
So give him a tour.  He doesn't know enough to ask the right questions.
Danny Witwer is scheduled for a tour of Containment tomorrow --
I'm saying the third prevision wasn't there.  And that's not all. I spent a few hours down there and it turns out there's a dozen more cases with missing previsions.
And you say the third prevision was what a little fuzzy or something?
Tuck in your shirt.
I understand.  What's the other thing?
You can let him look around answer his questions but watch him.  If there's any problems make sure we know about it first.
I need you to do two things for me. One watch Danny Witwer.
I understand.  Sir.
You understand that a week from now people are going to vote on whether or not what we've been doing down here has been some noble-minded enterprise or a chance to change the way this country fights crime.
Don't apologize John.
Lamar I'm sorry.  I don't know what --
And this is exactly the kind of behavior that will give them an excuse to do it.
Hang on Lamar --
Has the observer from Justice shown up yet?
Which makes this the worst possible time to show that we're only human.
The nation votes this week...
Don't worry Lamar.
Tell me not to worry John.
You don't have to chase me Fletcher.
You don't have to do this Chief.
Everybody runs.
Don't run Chief.  You know we'll catch you.  You trained us.
I show a cop on horseback.
Victims are pronounced here. Killers here.  We never touch anything.
The brick has been repointed the glass is original with new glazing bars.  I show composite mouldings with dentils.  Someone took care in the renovation.  Let's find the architect...
Get him some coffee and tell him to wait outside.
All I need some twink from the Fed poking around right now.  Check again with the paper they had it forwarded.  See if the neighbors know where they went check all relations --
I wrote it down in your calendar then left a message at your house --
You're kidding that's today?
Chief the investigator from the Fed is here.
Armor up -- sick-sticks and concussion guns -- this is gonna be close.
Seventeen minutes.
Take your time.
Sure Chief.  I think I'll grab one for myself while I'm at it...
Uh yeah you mind getting me a piece of that cake they're eating down there?  I'm starving.
Still scrubbing... looks like there's a third party somebody wearing shades just out the window...
Any ID on the shooter yet?
Confirm with trig and image.
That was easy.
I show time of occurrence Friday at fifteen-zero-six hours.
Check NCIC maybe he's got a record.  Then send a protection team as soon as we lock the location.
I've got no address -- last known or otherwise -- no tax returns for the last five years.
Start a location run and a contact search for future victim Leo Crow.  And Jad I'll need a Last Known Sheet when you get it.
The victim's name is Leo Crow.
Amazing there's someone within two hundred miles actually dumb enough to still do that.
Nope.  Somebody's thinking about this one.
We're in motion on something.
Jad.  How come you're not out there with Father Witwer?
Go back to work.  All of you.
Uh-huh.  Jad?
Come on Chief you think about it the way we work -- changing destiny and all -- we're more like clergy than cops.
You guys are nodding your heads like you actually know what the hell he's talking about.
Did Marks close the front door?!
Did he close the front door?
Now look at him...
Look at the kid.  In this one he's on the left of the man in the suit.
Georgetown.
No maglev system.
Somewhere near the capital?
From solar position Trig & Image confirms it at approximately eight oh-four a.m.
Send a DCPD blue & white out there set up a perimeter and tell 'em we're en route.  What's our confirmed time?
Got him in the Foxhall.  4421 Gainsborough.
Run the subscription list...
We can't grab it...
Case #1108 previsualized by the Precogs and recorded on holoshpere by Precrime's q-stacks.  My fellow witnesses for case #1108 are Dr. Katherine James and Chief Justice Frank Pollard.
We need confirmation on the time frame.  Location still uncertain. Remote witnesses are hooked in...
Red Ball -- double homicide: one male one female.  Killer's male white 40's.
Okay Jad what's coming?
Possession alone will cost you six months not to mention your badge.
You gonna tell on me?
It seems I've found a flaw John  You.
I'll write the paranoia off to the whiff you been doping on all night.
You set me up...
I agree.  The system is perfect. If there's a flaw it's human.  It always is.  Thank you for the tour Wally.
There hasn't been a murder in six years.  There's nothing wrong with the system.  It's perfect.
Why don't you cut the cute act Danny and tell me exactly what it is you're looking for?
At least now you -- and I -- have the chance to make sure that kind of thing doesn't happen to anyone ever again.
I don't know.  He was shot and killed when I was fourteen on the steps of his church in Bethesda.
What does he think of your chosen line of work?
Sorry.  Old habit.  I spent three years at Fuller Seminary before I became a cop.  My father was a minister.  Lutheran.
The oracle isn't where the power is anyway.  The power's always been with the priests.  Even if they had to invent the oracle.
Just a nickname.
The precogs are pattern recognition filters nothing more.
I find it interesting that some people have begun to deify the precogs.
I have a warrant in my pocket that says different.
There's no question.  You don't have any.
If it's a question of authority.
Maybe you didn't hear me.
So I'll be the first one to go in then?
We keep a strict separation so that no one can accuse us of tampering.
Really?  You've never been inside?
Cops aren't allowed inside the temple.
To Hineman?
Speaking of interfacing I'd love to say hello.
It was Iris Hineman.  She developed the Precogs designed the system and pioneered the interface.
Then why can't they see rapes or assaults... or suicides?
The Precogs don't see what you intend to do only what you will do.
You ever get any false positives? Someone intends to kill his boss or his wife but they never go through with it.  How do the precogs tell the difference?
The fact that you prevented it from happening doesn't change the fact that it was going to happen.
But it didn't fall.  You caught it.
You're certain?
Because it was going to fall.
Why did you catch that?
But it's not the future if you stop it.  Isn't that a fundamental paradox?
You mind if I tag along?
They did.  Make yourself comfortable.  We'll be back in an hour.
As I recall they outlawed compression firearms in the District ten years ago.
Your secretaries were all kind enough to give me a look around the office...
I'm sorry Danny but I'll have to give you the full tour later on.
Okay.  Fine.  Where the hell is that?
Just go to the beginning!
There's no way of knowing for sure. She could've forgotten whatever it is you're looking for...
Are these all of her previsions?
Oh... Hi John.
I like you Wally so I'm not gonna kick you or hit you with anything but only if you promise to help me...
Do I know you?  Who are you?
Wally listen to me...
She said...
To you?  I don't think so...  What'd she say?
She spoke to me.
It could have been a nightmare... Sometimes they dream about the old murders.
She was looking right at me.
She grabbed you?  Impossible.  The Precogs aren't even aware of us. In the milk all they see is the future.
Nothing... she grabbed me and then there was an image on the screen...
Her pituitary dumped a week's worth into her system... What did you do to her?
It helps if you don't think of them as human.
They're not in any pain.  We keep their heads pretty well stocked with dopamine and endorphins. Plus we maintain careful control over their serotonin levels -- don't want 'em to drift off to sleep but they can't be kept too awake either.
Wally.  This is Danny Witwer.  He's from Justice and we're to give him a full run of the farm.
I can't touch you!  And John you can't be in here!  You'll confuse them!
Uh I'll try...
Rufus play it back...
I guess that's all of it.
What happened?  Where's the rest?
Tell me how.
Then take her to Radio Shack.
They don't belong to anybody.
I tell you what.  I do this I get to keep whatever images I get from her head.
So now I need you to hack into her.
C'mon Rufus you've been busted twice for felony hacking.
No.  No way.  I wouldn't even know where to begin!  Those thoughts about my cousin Elena -- they were just thoughts. I would never --
She's got information inside of her.  I need you to get it out.
I'm sorry for whatever I'm gonna do!  And I swear I didn't do any of the stuff I did!
Rufus for Christ's sake get up.
Are you reading my mind right now?
That's right.
She's a precog?
Rufus.  She's a precog.
I'm impressed Anderton.  You're on the lam but you still got the time and energy to slice off a little jerky for yourself.
Well hello there honey-pie.
I need help with her.
Well hey you didn't have to come all the way down here.  For you Chief I make housecalls...
I need your help.
Detective.  Nice of you to come down here.  Seeing as every cop in the world is looking for you right now.  Jesus what's up with your eye?
Hold your breath Dad...
Sean wait...
I'm your son.  I'm you.
Who are you?
Good-bye Dad...
I wanted to.
I know that.  I know you would have done anything to find me.  I know you would have died for me.
I was looking for you...
The more you want to believe something the easier it is to be fooled.
I forgive you...
Once I even told him I loved him.
I forgive you.
I feel bad about that.  I need you to forgive me.
The funny thing is I started to believe he really was my Dad.
No.  He got tired of pretending.
You're alive?
I lived for a year with a man who was pretending to be my father.  He took me all over the world.
What the hell.
Wanna hear something funny?
It's a little late for that.
You gotta have faith Dad.
Sean -- you're not real.
All right I'll try...
Are you kidding?  There's absolutely positively no way on my best day I could ever beat twelve seconds!
Okay... now let me time you.
I love you too!  I love you daddy.  Love ya dad.
Four.  Wow.  What a big boy.  I love you Sean.
What a big boy.  How old are you?
That's great.
I scored a goal!
Good-bye Crow.
You're not gonna kill me...
Let go of the gun.
Who made you do this?
If I tell you my family gets nothing.
Tell me who was it set this up?
Fake.  He gave it to me.  Now --  -- shoot me Goddammit before I lose my nerve!
What about the picture --
What the fuck is going on?
I don't know -- I never saw his face.  All I know is the next day I was out so the guy must've had juice somewhere.  Look man you gotta go through with this.
I'm asking you again who made you do this?
Look believe me I know it's hard but you gotta do it --
Crow.  I'm not gonna kill you.
Look I've put my family through enough misery.  You gotta kill me! This way I can leave 'em something.
Who said I would?
You're supposed to kill me.  He said you would.
If you don't kill me my family gets nothing!
The precogs were wrong.
But you have to.  They said you would.
You're not gonna kill me?
It floated back up.  I had to take him out and --
I put him in a barrel and sunk him in the bay.
Where've you got him?  Is he all right?  Tell me you fuck -- WHERE IS HE?!
He's alive?
... and that I needed his help.  It wasn't so bad really.  I sang him a song made him laugh bought him a pretzel.  I took care of him.  I made him happy.
His name was Sean.  Six years ago. Francis pool.
Some -- somebody's father?
Do you know who I am?
Did I?  I don't recall... I got lots of kids from that place --
Six years ago.  Baltimore.  You grabbed a kid at Francis public pool in the West End.
The female.
Which one is that?
It's always in the more gifted of the three.
How do I even know which one has it?
Sometimes in order to see the light you have to risk the dark.
I'll get EYEscanned a dozen times before I get within ten miles of Precrime.  They'll pick me up...
You're insane or you think I am.
Actually I think you'll have to run out but yes that's what you have to do.
-- and then walk out.
If... you have one.
That's all huh?  Just walk right into Precrime go into the Temple somehow tap into the Precogs and then download this Minority Report...
Inside the Precog who predicted it.  All you have to do is download it.
The safest place of all.
What safe place is that?
I said the record is destroyed. The original report exists for all time.  I designed the system so that whenever a report occurred it would be stored in a safe place -- but not declared.
You said they're destroyed.
You shouldn't.  You shouldn't trust anyone... certainly not the Attorney General who wants it all for himself.  Not the young federal agent who wants your job.  Not even the old man who just wants to hang onto what he's created.  Don't trust anyone.  Just find the Minority Report.
Why should I trust you?
Hold that thought.
I'm not gonna kill anybody.
But you will bring it down if you kill Leo Crow.  Why that will be the most spectacular public display of how Precrime... didn't work.
You want to bring it down.
Do you?  Really?
I believe in that system...
The system would collapse.
Insignificant to you maybe but what about those people I put away with alternate futures?  My God if the country knew there was a chance they might not --
Yes of course he knew but at the time he felt -- we both felt their existence was... an insignificant variable.
Answer my question.  Did Lamar Burgess know about the Minority Report?
I used to joke with Lamar that we were the mother and father of Precrime.  Well in my experience parents often see their children as they want them to be not as they are.
Does Burgess know about this? About the Minority Report?
I'm saying that every so often those accused of a precrime might just might have an alternate future.
You're saying that I've halo'd innocent people?
Obviously for Precrime to function there can't be any suggestion of fallibility.  After all what good is a Justice system that instills doubt?  It may be reasonable but it's still doubt.
Because these Minority Reports are destroyed the instant they occur.
Jesus Christ -- why didn't I know about this?
Most of the time all three Precognitives will see an event in the same way.  But once in a while one of them will see things differently than the other two.
I can't help you.  No one can.  The Precogs are never wrong.
So you won't help me?
How can you avoid a man you've never met?
Not if I stay away from him.
And yet a chain of events has started.  A chain that will lead inexorably to his death.
I'm not a murderer.  I've never even met the man I'm supposed to kill.
So many of them... despite what we did for them.  Or maybe because of what we did to them.  It doesn't matter.  It's a perfect system now isn't it?
You say some of the children died?
Back then he was still a DA and quite a few parents of my patients had passed through his courtroom. You have to understand these people were the dregs of society. But once they saw their children... he decided he would do whatever he could for them.  He's that way you know paternal about certain things.  Precrime.  The precogs. You.
And how did Lamar become involved?
It began as play.  A guessing game like you play with any toddler except these children always guessed right.  And then the nightmares started. They were all different but all the same.  They were all about murder.  And the murders were all happening.
You think the three in the tank come from a test tube?  They're merely the ones who survived.
You're talking about the precogs...
The innocents we now use to stop the guilty.
I'm not.  I was trying to heal them not turn them into... something else.
You don't seem all that proud.
If the unintended consequences of a series of genetic mistakes and science gone haywire can be called invention then yes I invented precrime.
What's so funny?
And how would I know that?
You can tell me how someone... could fake a prevision.
Just what is it you think I can do for you?
I'm... not... a... killer.
You have three minutes to tell me what you're doing here before I feed you to a few of my more predacious plants.
The vine -- the Baneberry that scratched you during your illegal climb over my wall...
Yes I'm afraid that would be from the Doll's Eye.
I'm a little dizzy...
Something wrong?
Lara I don't know why this is happening.  I just know they're setting me up.  I can't trust anybody.  I don't know who to talk to or where to go...  Lara?  Are you there?
Then how did he --
Nothing.  I didn't kill him.
Oh God what did you do?
He's dead Lara.
Anne Lively... But I never said she drowned.
All right.  Tell you what I'll do. First thing Monday I'll look over the Witwer evidence and I'll have Gideon run the Containment files see if anyone drowned a woman named -- what did you say her name was?
But I also know why he married you: you're as stubborn as he is.
No.  I don't think you do.  The other day when he came to the cottage he talked about a lot of things but Danny Witwer the man he was supposed to have just killed?  He didn't mention him.  He didn't say his name even once.
I understand.
No.  That's what everyone thinks.  John shot a man dead in Baltimore six months before.
Lamar do you know the reason why John came here to work with you?
He also said Crow was a fake.
We know why John was tagged.
I don't know who that is.
Anne Lively.  John was talking about her right before they took him.
I was but this whole incident with John made me realize the fragility of what we've built here.  This is John's legacy as much as mine and I want to protect that.
I thought you were retiring?
It's insanity around here.
You look great.
I haven't worn this damn thing in years.  I just wanted to make sure it fits before tonight.
No it isn't Lamar.  There was nothing anyone could do.
This is all my fault.
Thank you.  This is Burgess.
You have an emergency call on your private line.
I padded your expense account for the last six months.
How did you get this?
Congratulations sir.
I'll be right there.
Sir the press conference is starting.
He just wanted a few minutes before --
Tell him not now.
The guy from USA Today is here.
Nothing.  No footsteps coming up the stairs.  No hovercraft out the window.  No clickity click of little spyders.  No one crashing through that door.  And do you know why I don't hear any of those things Danny?  Because right now the Precogs can't see.
Shhh.  You know what I hear?
Of course it would have to be someone with access to the Prevision in the first place someone fairly high up --
So there is a way to fool the system?
We teach the tech's to identify them and disregard...
Precog Deja Vu...
Yes... It's called an echo.  The act of murder is such a violent disturbance in the future continuum that it sometimes repeats to the Precogs.
By fooling the system.  All someone would have to do is wait for Precrime to stop the murder from taking place then a few minutes later commit the crime in exactly the same way.
I'm thinking someone got away with murder.
Danny tell me what you're thinking.
I did find it.  It was inside of Agatha all this time.  So the question is why would someone want this erased from the data file?
I know.  He came to me told me about the missing data stream.  He was concerned that you might find it.
According to the Sentry Anderton was watching this at Containment right before he was tagged.
This murder is happening at two different times.
I don't understand --
Now the second image.  Watch the water.  The wind's changed.  The ripples are going the other way.
It's the same prevision.
Yes.  This is from the twins Arthur and Dashiel.  Agatha's stream was missing.  Now this one is from the cyberparlor.  Anderton downloaded it directly from Agatha. Watch...
He told me about this.  You got this from Containment?
Wait just a second...
Good God.  What was that?
Where are you?
I don't wanna say over the phone but I think we may be chasing the wrong man.
Lamar I found something.
I don't want John Anderton hurt.
Shall we call the Attorney General? I'm sure he'd be happy to clarify the issue for you.
He's my subordinate!
Oh it's all my damn business now Lamar.  Investigation of a supervising office for a capital crime falls under federal jurisdiction... so as to rule out any possibility of conspiracy.  He's my suspect.
None of your damn business.
Six years ago.  What did you two talk about yesterday afternoon?
The man lost a child for Christ's sake...
Why are you protecting him?  You knew he was doping yet you did nothing about it.
The Mets.  John doesn't think they've got a deep enough pitching roster this year and I'm inclined to agree.
He came to see you yesterday. Right before he got tagged.  What did you talk about?
Get the hell outta here.  You sick bastard.
No I wanna kill my boss!
Uh yeah being concert master of the Philadelphia Symphony Orchestra is one of our most popular choices...
Good.  What I can do is set you up down in the --
Right here.
Uh-huh.  Okay.  You got some images I can work with?
I wanna kill my boss.
Near Death's real popular right now which includes everything from getting hit by a car to falling off a high building to plane crashes.  It's a big rush you come out the other side without a heart attack.
None.  This was arranged.
Treasury... Then this would be your first actual murder scene.
I was a Treasury Agent for eight years.  Why?
What kind of cop were you before this?
They could have been put away. Anderton could have found them.
If you were a child killer you took these pictures would you leave them out on the bed for anyone to find?
I don't know why?
There a maid in this hotel?
No.  He can't...
He can't download her without a lot of technical help.
He's trying to prove his innocence.
She's in the room with him when he kills Crow.  She's already a part of his future.
We can stop him.
It doesn't matter.  He wins.
There are two others in the room besides Anderton and Crow.
Because he thinks he's innocent.
No offense sir but why wouldn't he just run?
Anderton's smart enough to go where electronic billboards and other media can't ID him to pick his pocket.  There's fewer consumers down there which means fewer scanners to target him.
They're everywhere.
There's thousands of units like this one.
Here's where we're at.  Three men in a room.  The victims here. Anderton here and this unidentified male out the window. The exterior of the adjacent building suggests public housing but I can't make out the location. Government architecture is modern/conformist which means --
Yes I know.
Sir the team's gonna be light without those men.
Actually Gordon you're not gonna do that.  I'm taking control of the team.
Don't worry.  I'll bring him in unharmed.
Somehow I don't think that was Walt Whitman.
I'm sure you've all grasped the legalistic drawback to precrime methodology.
The information we need is embedded in the grain of wood.  And since each piece is unique the shape and grain is impossible to duplicate.
People have gotten the message.  Gum?
Crime of passion.  No premeditation.  They show up late. Most of our scrambles are flash events like this one.  We rarely see anything with premeditation anymore.
That's the Red Ball Alarm.
Can't they shut that off?
Not after the vote next week.  Once the Amendment passes we go national there's gonna be nowhere to run.
So if you wanna kill someone you take him to Miami.
Nice to meet you.  Gum?
This is Evanna the team pilot.
John Anderton was my friend!
Cause all of a sudden you got no one you can fucking brown nose anymore.
Why don't I feel like celebrating?
People if you don't let the spyder scan you we'll have to come in and arrest you.
It's not at all that you don't trust me to be alone with the Chief.  That you think I might you know fuck with him if I had the chance...
I think you're swell company Knott.
That's why you asked to partner with me on this little sortie isn't it?
I forgot my glasses.
Sure.  Raincheck.
Ah.  That must be why you look so nice.
I'd love to but I've got an open house today at the Ressler place.
We could have lunch together.
I'll reschedule.  I've been working too much anyway.
What about your meeting?
How can you even tell?  You know how blind you are without your glasses.
The man across the street.  I've seen him before...
He looks familiar.
But I've seen the three hundred hours of your image he's got stored away.
I haven't seen him in two years.
To prevent a murder.  Sooner or later he's going to contact you.
To what?  Trap him?
You know I need to use you.
I left him because every time I looked at him I saw my son.  Every time I got close to him I smelled my little boy.  That's why I left him.  And now you can leave.
Lamar Burgess thinks that you left John because he lost himself in Precrime instead of you.
Not very well I'm sure.  I'd probably start doping myself.  Or maybe I'd...
He shot a hole in the damn ceiling. So what?  You lose your son let's see how well you handle it.
He took out his gun and sat down to watch his home movies.  This is all in your statement Lara...
The FBI found something that belonged to my son.  A sandal... Anyway John was upset. He... he...
What was it then?
It wasn't a suicide attempt.  I regret ever saying that.
You said in your divorce papers that he tried to kill himself.
But John was with him at the pool?
It was nobody's fault.
You mean after he lost your son.
Since right after we lost our son.
Have you been there recently?
That was our apartment.
So you haven't seen his apartment?
No but then I don't talk to John that much anymore.
You ever heard him mention the name Leo Crow?
Thank you.  He hasn't tried to contact you?
I don't have any sugar either.
He's not here now is he?
We used to every summer.
Just sugar then.  You and John ever come here?
I don't have any cream.  Sorry.
Cream and sugar.
Thanks.  You take anything in your coffee?
This your work?
I know who you are.
My name is Danny Witwer.  I'm --
Maybe if he'd taken one of the males.  But the female she's the key.  She's the one they listen to the one with the most talent.  The one who takes care of the other two.
Are you telling me they can't see murders anymore?
You don't understand... they're a hive mind.  It takes all three for their predictive abilities to work.
Wally the other two can still function right?
But there's still the other two.
What do you think?  So he can kill whoever he wants to without anyone knowing about it.
What does he want with a precog?
They've never been separated before.
Tell me how all this works.
Shhh!  They're sleeping.
Nice to meet you Wally.
-- But don't you remember?  I'm already dead.
You're in there.  Everybody dies you go with them --
System's running on auxiliary.  Only seven hours before it crashes.
-- You've made your point!  You've got control of the system.
Yes I believe he has --
God-Damn you!
-- Two million people lost in the digital night.  What do they seek?
They have nothing to do with this --
There are two million people in there with you.
I need to take back what's mine.
What do you need?
I have found in life that what one wants isn't nearly as important as what one needs.
What do you want?
Halden how nice to hear your voice.
This is Halden.
-- Because there'll be no remorse. Not in my world.
Because I took it out of your memory.
How come I can't remember?
No she said she had a son.  In a dream she once called life.
She said I have a son...
To live forever.
It's all been transferred.
From the dream.
It's time to wake up.
Nothing go back to sleep.
What's happening?
That's the grace of this world.  Nothing's impossible.
But this is impossible.
Just like you always wanted.
The guests are here.
It's all here...
You don't have much sex up there in the real world do you?
Someone who believes in miracles.
Who are you?!
About what?
You were right.
I'm serious how did you know my name?
Do you believe in miracles?
-- If your life's so good up there Gena what are you doing down here?
No not me I've been lucky.  But I've seen what happens to other people --
Your life that bad?
This is how you pick up women --
There you are sitting next to the creator what do you say?
That's a strange question.  You a strange man?
If you could meet God what would you say to him?
As long as it's not 'what's your sign?'
And down here --
Only up there in the dream they called life.
But once the system touches the net all links are severed.  Everybody dies.
One would assume so.
Until you're on the net where the corporation can't touch you you can't open the system.  They'll eject it if you do.
-- Two million people plugged-in here.
With the energy from the net we can program this world anyway we want.  Redwood forests.  Oceans. Mountains --
Me?  Of course not.  That's why you're here.
-- But you'll never be able to get it through the maze.
Unlimited energy out there.  Enough to run this world for all eternity --
And all dreams no matter how appealing must eventually end.
Yes but only in the dream they call life.
You sealed off the system.  When it crashes everyone dies with you.
You were the one who was dying.
It's not real.
The new world.
In a computer program.
God creates man man creates technology technology creates God.  End into beginning.
In here I am.
You are not a God.
So wrong --
Not my problem.
But what would happen to me?  I have no body to return to.
Halden sent men to kill me in my sleep but simple illusions won out.  So he now sends the legend to finish the deed.
True.  But why?
The patterns were moved around but they weren't changed.
-- He will.
But what if he doesn't --
It's his nature.
You sure he's going to come?
Perfect opportunity for you to demonstrate your continued worth.
And what about the reconfiguration?
Unfinished business.
Where the hell are you going?
Yes so which one of us does that make the coward?
Remember I'm not the one who chose this.
-- He says the maze has been changed. I need to know for sure.
The maze has been changed --
Have the staff apologize profusely and issue credit vouchers.  But remember it's a capacity problem.  That's all.
What about the customers with reservations?
Have communications contact all interface centers.  Tell them due to high demand we're at full capacity and so temporarily there's no room for anyone else on the system.
At least a day.
We're going to have to reconfigure.
How long 'till we can eject?
Take care?  Where the hell are you going --
There is no --
The woman you're stuck on.
What's her name?
The weather.
I'm South Dakota.
Where you plugged-in from?
If she's alive you get it back.
Need the disk back!
Times Square.
An interface attendant.
Come on Tanner think this through.
Then where is she?
There was no need to kill her.
Try harder.
We drugged her.  So she wouldn't remember.
To hide the evidence.
Why would I do that?
Then you had her killed.
Katie was digitized.
Not his style.
What did he tell you?
-- Who did he digitize?!
Listen to yourself.  Digitization.  You know that officially that's a pure fantasy --
Who did he digitize?
Yes in theory I suppose that would work.
Be a hell of a lot easier to digitize a real person then strip them down to a module you can use to make as many employee programs as you need.
Good question.
Then what's with all the staffing programs in his account?
That's right.
Christoph was in charge of designing building modules.
He wouldn't say.
Christoph was a brilliant programmer but very eccentric.  He insisted it be kept vacant.
It's not used for anything.
The Terrace.  First building Christoph ever programmed for us.
What is it?
One condition.
-- Christoph changed the maze.
You've got the keys send someone in --
The only way to eject it is from the inside.
-- Come on you know F.C.O. regs. Anyone caught with their R and D hand in the bio-digitization cookie jar spends the rest of their life in federal penitentiary.  It's not worth it.
Because why the hell would you be interested in a program that allows people to live inside your machines?  I mean how much profit could there possibly be from owning the universe and selling space in it to people who are dying or people who are just God-Damned sick of this world --
And you weren't involved.
Of course they are.  Christoph was stealing every piece of code he could get his hands on.
Corporate fingerprints all over it.
-- I saw the program.
Christoph had spinal cancer.  His body kept rejecting gene therapy. He was desperate.  It was him it wasn't us --
Try harder.
He's not plugged-into the system. He's in the fucking system!
You're jumping to conclusions.
We can be there in fifteen minutes and rip him off the system.
He had access to the keys --
-- He won't.
Won't be time if he gets access --
Someone sends the kid a copy of the access program then runs the maze at the same time the kid does using the same codes.
Two maze runners.
Sorry I just design the maze.  Keeping the keys secure is your job.
Doesn't make sense.  How the hell does some fucking teenager get to the keys?
But have them wait for me 'till they move in on him.
Get some internal police there. Tell them to run a perimeter.
Of course the legend would like to think that.  But no one has keys.  Your maze was run.
He had keys.
There was no other choice.
What's the difference?
Not you.  A copy.
But you were with me.
I wasn't with you.
Way you kiss me.
And it meant something.
You weren't real.
To see how long it would take for me to realize.
It was a test.
Once they digitized you they added it.
But I don't know anything about programming.
You said we were on the same programming team.
That's why they told you you can't go inside.  They can't have you running into her.
Corporation can.
That's not possible.  No one can do that.
Identical.  One's you.  One's digital.
Night City.
-- The inside?
We worked together on the inside. You were on my programming team --
Who are you?!
Most nights you wake up crying. Never knowing why.
What are you talking about?
-- You told me.
Then how do you know about --
You went to my high-school?
I'm sorry sir we need your debit card before we can issue a credit --
Someone you have to get back to?
I've got to get back.
Some things never change do they?
Cleaning up a mess.
What brings you inside?
Of course you do.  And the only shot you've got of keeping your ass from sinking in a sea of shit is to tell me where you got this program.
Don't know what you're talking about.
Just like that --
Just like that?
My uni-net account.  I log on.  The program's there.
It was just there.
Because you'll never believe me.
This.  No point to it.
What's so funny?
Of course you do.  And the only shot you've got of keeping your ass from sinking in a sea of shit is to tell me where you got this program.
Don't know what you're talking about.
You don't need a lawyer.  We found the program on your laptop.
Look I'm doing mute 'till I have a mouthpiece here who's on my side.
Care to tell us how you came into possession of an illegal access program?
Uplink selected.
Select uplink for Federal Communications Office.  Department of Enforcement.
Access established.
Connect to public access.
Resurrection.
Program name?
Scanning body type.
-- Standard.
Standard modern upscale --
Waiter busboy Maitre-De --
Access granted.  Male or female?
-- Transmit now!
Connection approved.  Ready to transmit --
Checking connection.
Tanner-eighteen-six-two-nine.
Destination?
Transmit copy of program via satellite north uplink.
Describe program function.
Resurrection.
Program name?
Voice activate.
Make love to me 'Nine? I want you to make love to me. Please please make love to me.
Oh you feel very good Betts. You have such a cosy body. I'm jealous I'm so skinny.
Was he nice to you?
No thanks. Just wanted to tell you that Dr. St. Luc is coming up to see Nick at ten or so.
Hi. Want a drink?
So? You'll find out what's wrong and then you'll be able to relax a little bit. Let him be the uptight one for a change.
He'll be really mad.
Well look. How's this? You go on down to the clinic and tell that nice Dr. St. Luc...  ...you tell him that Nick's ill he's got these lumps and he can't get out of bed. Tell him to come when you're sure Nick'll be home. And don't tell Nick anything. Let the two of them fight it out.
He hates doctors. Doctors and lawyers. He never goes to doctors.
...probably nothing at all. It's probably just a bunch of I don't know fatty cysts. You can have them removed in a doctor's office. Has Nick seen a doctor?
Let's get outta here before somebody hears us!
With some milk jugs I just happened to pick up on the way home.
Buy 'em with what dumbhead?
OK then. I'm gonna go back to the store and buy my own pack and smoke 'em all myself.
I can't dummy. He'll see that the pack's been opened. You're such a dumbhead.
C'mon let's smoke one of the cigarettes right now. Your father'll never miss it.
He sounded fine.
How did he sound this time? Was he nervous? Depressed?
It was very strange. He called me at six this morning. Hobbes called me. I thought I was dreaming. I haven't heard that voice for so long. He told me who it was then he said something like 'Meet me at apartment 1208 at noon. I want you to go out for lunch with me. It's time you furthered your education.' Then he laughed and hung up. I went back to sleep. He called me again at eight to remind me to come.
I see. Then what brought you up here?
Oh no. I haven't seen Dr. Hobbes since I was in medical school. He taught me... he was my prof in urology and... I think he conducted a few seminars in psychopharmacology. That was it. I had no idea he'd ever set foot in Starliner Towers until today.
So you just came up to visit this Hobbes and you found them like that?
I knew the man Emil Hobbes a doctor and a professor at university. I saw the girl around the building but I didn't know her. She never came to the clinic.
You knew these people?
No nothing.
Did you touch anything? Move anything before we got here?
You're the one who found the bodies?
Dr. St. Luc? Detective-Sergeant Heller. I'd like to ask you a few questions.
Well let's go talk to your doctor.
Yeah. This is an island you know? Takes too long to get into the city. We gotta have everything right here or somebody complains.
Medical clinic?
Yeah that's Dr. St. Luc. He's the head of our little medical clinic here.
Is that the man who called you up here?
Far as I know yeah that was her.
And that was her. Annabelle Horse... field.
Down to the incinerator.
But where are you going?
Oh no! You're not leaving me here all alone. I'm going with you.
Will you be OK now? I've got to go to your place to see if he's still there. I've got to see if it's... if it's what we both think it is.
I think I... I think I killed him. I stabbed him with something and he fell.
Where is he now? Do you know?
A man... I think I recognized him... a man who lives here. He just...  ...he just attacked me for no reason at all. I just opened the door... I was making supper for you and he grabbed me he tried to kiss me...
Forsythe Forsythe! What's wrong? What's happened?
Great! Go back to your files. Bye.
OK. But late.
Well? Supper at my place?
No. I don't think so.
Anything wrong?
Doesn't matter to me how late it is. I can keep it warm.
Meeting Rollo at Tudor's. Might take a while.
Roger? If you're going to be staying here anyway why don't you come up to my place for a late supper?
No. Dotty's the last.
C'mon Forsythe. Are there any more on the list?
Another kiss?
Uh OK. Sure.
Do I get a kiss?
That's great Forsythe great. Thanks.
OK Roger. Here's the stuff you wanted. Files on Horsefield Tudor Swinburne and Velakofsky. Papers published by Hobbes Linsky and Lefebvre in a couple of issues of the Bulletin of the Canadian Medical Association and also the Journal of the American Medical Association. And as an added extra a couple of odds and ends from the files I helped compile before your time here Doctor. I thought they might interest you.
Mm? OK. Be with you in a sec.
Mrs. Ementhal's ready and waiting Doctor.
I want to be able to see us Nick. I... I'm going to go into the bathroom now and put in my contacts OK? Is that OK?  I want to be able to see us when we make love OK?
Make love to me make love to me love love to me...
Please Janine. Please pleasepleaseplease Janine Janine JanineJanineJanine...
Oh Nick Nick... I can't take this.
You will make love to me won't you Janine? Won't you make love to me? You start it. Won't you? I think I've forgotten how to start.
Nick you're so strange...
Do you want to make love? You're absolutely beautiful those eyes that expression. You're absolutely the most sexy thing alive. Do you want to make love?
Nope. Damned thing wriggled out of my hands. That's all.
You say something?
I won't be at the office except to sign in.  I've got a lot of claims to check out. All over the place. Garages and more garages.  I'll come home right after work.
I don't know. I just thought I might want to call you. I don't know.
What do you want to call me at the office for?
Can I call you at the office?
Oh but the nurse she went away. I think she must go to look for you.
It's Dr. St. Luc Mr Spergazzi. Let me speak to the nurse please.
Yes? Who is there?
OK. I'll meet you back there. Don't leave until I get there. Lock the door and don't open it except for me. OK?
We live in 703.
Go back to their apartment with them and treat her for second-degree burns. It'll have to do for now.  What's your number? The number of your apartment?
I hit it. I hit it with my cane. Then I carry it on the cane and I throw it down to the incinerator down to the garbage.
Where is this thing that attacked your wife?
Please pardon me. I am Niccolo Spergazzi. I am a resident here. I don't know... we were walking in the hallway and... Cabiria... my wife... she was attacked by this thing... here on her arm.
What happened?
Used to know a doctor who said he got to know his patients better than their wives did.  Cutting a man open sure does expose more of him than pulling down his pants gotta admit that.
Well let's wait for the X-rays.
Gonna cut me open?
I'm going to send you to the hospital to have a few X-rays taken. I want to find out exactly what you're hiding in there OK? Give them this. The address is right there under Radiology.
That's the one.
Was her name Annabelle Horsefield?
Yep. She lived in 1208. But we usually went to my place. Bigger liquor cabinet bigger bed.  She was gone when I got back from my last Florida trip. Too bad. Had a beautiful tan.  Must have gone home to mother.
Was this girl from Starliner Towers?
Didn't seem worried about them.
Didn't she ever have these lumps looked at by a doctor?
She had a couple just like them. Right here near her belly button. You could push 'em around. I thought they were kinda sexy myself.
Mr. Parkins what makes you think you caught these lumps of yours from a young lady?
Good shape for an old man eh?
Just breathe normally.
Want me to breathe deeply?
OK Rog. See you at ten.
OK. It's apartment 1009 South Tower Starliner Towers. May as well go there directly.
I dunno. Try tranquilizers. Once you can get at them there's a lotta stuff you can use. I'll bring a bagful. It's just the standard tropical kit. But the trick is to get at them.
Yeah? What do I do then?
Yeah.  Ah I don't want to panic you or anything but I mean the way Hobbes designed them they're supposed to get out of hand real quick so you don't have much time to think about what's happening to you. Once they decide to start pumping all those dynamite juices into the old blood stream... I dunno. But if you see some people doing kind of compulsive maybe even bizarre sexual things...
I've got a date with one of them at ten. Can you make it?
I'd kinda like to come over there and have a look at one of these guys.
Maybe Hobbes didn't know it but Annabelle was a pretty popular girl around Starliner Towers. I've got three men here maybe four who're hosting large free-moving apparently pathogenic abdominal growths that nobody I've tried can identify. You were next on my list.
He didn't make it.
Lemme clarify for you.
I don't get it.
It looks like -- and I quote -- 'a disease to save man from his mind.'
OK I bite. What does it look like?
Listen Rog. I knew Hobbes was funny you know? I told you that. But I didn't really know just how funny he was. See... when he kicked off they sent all the personal secret stuff they found to his mother -- she's still alive but just barely -- and she sent everything she thought was medical to me here at the lab. I'm Hobbes's partner right?  Anyway I've been going through his papers and what they add up to is this: Hobbes was shafting us all me the university the foundations and the councils the private labs everybody. We never really knew what it was we were working on. Hobbes gave us each a few crumbs but he was the only one who knew what the whole loaf would look like.
No? How come?
Yeah well I'm flattered but you won't find any real meat in them.
Rollo! How'sa boy? I was just thinking about you.
It's me Rollo Linsky. Remember me?
That you Rog?
OK. I'll think about it.
But you'll think about what I said about working together huh?
Aw he met her when he was lecturing at some private girls' school. They caught him examining her little tits for breast cancer in the faculty lounge. She was twelve. Don't ask. It was craziness believe me.  They used to come here sometimes.  Don't ask.
Who was she?
It was women did it to Hobbes. Couldn't handle them. That girl that Annabelle -- talk about crazy projects.
You oughta be careful yourself. Might end up cutting your throat.
You want to help sick people for the rest of your life? God forbid I should talk you out of it.
Rollo you know me. Once a GP always a GP.
Rog I gotta talk serious to you. Really. Listen. Ya listening? OK. I want you to come into this with me. To tell the honest-to-God truth I'm lonely.  All Hobbes ever did was run around getting money and phone me in the middle of the night. He wanted you in anyway. That's why we were gonna get together the three of us. We would have enough to keep us going for at least five years even with inflation.
You know and I know that Hobbes was a lousy teacher eh? Lousy. Dry academic afraid of women lousy. But he was always a genius at one thing -- getting grants. Could he get grants for crazy projects?
I don't get it.
Right. It's crazy. But here's the beauty part. Ready?  Who cares?
It's crazy.
You put the bug into the body of a man with a diseased kidney the bug attacks the bad kidney dissolves it it's assimilated by the body and now you got a perfectly good parasite where you used to have a rotten kidney. I know what you're gonna say. You're gonna say it's crazy.
Look. You got men you got parasites that live in on and around men. Now. Why not breed a parasite that does something useful? Eh? Why not breed a parasite capable of taking over the function of any one of a bunch of human organs? Why not for example a parasite living in the human abdominal cavity that plugs into the circulatory system and filters the blood like a kidney? If it takes a little blood for itself so what? Be generous! You can afford it.
Did I say anything?
I know. You're bored already. Transplants are yesterday's kishkas right?
That was my father's idea... private practice. He wanted to set me up -- I couldn't say no. But he's dead now. And me I'm still a snoop I gotta do research. Look at that beautiful stuff...  ...lookit it!
But you gave up your private practice. Suddenly you're into pure research and you... you're what a parasitologist?
So who changes?
Well at least you still talk the same.
I'm still a VD man under the skin Rog. You know me. I'm a down-to-earth kinda guy right?
You touch my spleen Rollo.  And here all the time I was thinking -- if I ever bothered to think about the good old days -- well at least there's Rollo. He's in VD and he's happy.
Not exactly the kind of lunch Hobbes would have laid on you Rog but it's all I got and...  ...all I got I share with you. Go ahead. Take all you want.
Don't touch him.
See this is why we're not watching those news reports. People get obsessed.  I'm letting go now.
Morgan took a sip. It has his amoebas in it.
There's dust in it.
She doesn't answer me either.
Does she ever answer back?
It makes me feel better.
Why do you talk to mom when you're by yourself?
What are you thinking about?
Only for pee or poop.
What's the rule about getting up in the middle of the night?
It tastes old.
What's wrong with the water next to your bed?
I saw a monster. Can I have a glass of water?
What's the matter?
Please tie up Isabelle to the back of the shed. Make sure the knot's tight.
Houdini's sick.
I'm scared.
Who said I was going to die?
I don't want you to die.
That's weird.
The same windows.
My ballet recital.
Listen Bo. This is very important. Everything people have written about in science books is going to change. The history of the world's future is on the TV right now. We need to record this so you can show your children this tape and say you were there...  For your children Bo.
I heard them Morgan.
Not English though. You heard the voices right Uncle Merrill?
He licks his butt everyday. He's not going to mind.
It tastes funny.
It's not contaminated. It's just tap water. Pour it in his bowl.
You don't even know what that word means.
I think it's contaminated.
What?  Colleen?... Colleen?
And tell Merrill to swing away.
Tell him... See. Tell him to see.
...Tell Graham --
...Tell Bo to listen to her brother. He'll always take care of her.
...Tell Morgan to play games -- it's okay to be silly.
I don't feel much.
Does it hurt?
You love walks.
I was just taking a walk before dinner.
Hi sweetie.
Boy why aren't you in the pros making stacks of cash and getting handfuls of T and A?
Five. The five longest.
You got two minor league home run records don't you?
I got the bat at home... On the wall.
Clear for what?
It's called probing. It's a military procedure. You send a reconnaissance group very small to check out things. Not to engage but to evaluate the situation. Evaluate the level of danger. Make sure things are all clear...
I've had two separate folks tell me they think there are strangers around these parts the last couple of nights. Can't tell what they look like cause they're staying in the shadows -- covert like. No one's got hurt mind you... And that's the give away.
Don't touch him.
That's good enough for me.
I know.  We need to be sure before we open that door Graham.
He's not strong enough to fight off another attack.
Philadelphia and its outlying counties are cleared but who knows for sure?
Have they said anything about our area?
He's been like that for awhile. We need to get him some medicine.
Listen there's things I can take and a couple things I can't and one of them I can't take is when my older brother --  -- who is everything I want to be starts losing faith in things. I saw your eyes last night.  I don't want to ever see your eyes like that again okay? I'm serious.
A mass evacuation by them started about eight o'clock this morning. It's eleven now.  They're leaving. Beat.
How do they know it's over?
They think over a hundred thousand. They're just estimates.  But we held strong.
How many died?
It came on about two hours ago. Woke me up.  We won Graham.
They're broadcasting...
It's getting stronger.
I can feel air.
They're distracting us?
I'm looking!
I'm sorry I hurt your arm.
We won't be able to get out of there.
What are you doing?
He was only a year and half old.
They're right behind the door.
Should we make a run for it out the back?
Did I ever tell you I dislocated Uncle Merrill's arm?
We have to go in the basement.
This is going to do nothing.
While they were trying to fix her up all she kept asking about was you.
They're on the roof.
They already know we're here.
Should we turn off the lights?
Good choice... I'm going to have a cheeseburger with bacon.  Extra bacon.
Chicken Teriyaki.
Did they say what our chances would be if they did invade?
I'm sorry what book is this?
Ray Reddy's house.
Where are you going?
Already thought of. Two other birds did the same thing an hour later. Not as dramatic. They lived. But you could see they hit something.
The bird could have had a heart attack and crushed his head when he fell.
They caught it on tape and they've been playing it all morning. They found the bird. His head crushed in. When you see the footage it looks like the bird flew into a wall in the sky.  They think they have some invisible shield thing going like an optical illusion.
Eleven a.m. They're gone.
What time is it?
That's a game isn't it?  Anyway...  There's been some interesting developments.
What's furry furry rabbit?
For the kids protection. All they were doing was watching TV from five a.m. I felt like they were getting obsessed like you said. They should be playing furry furry rabbit or tea party or something right?
What does it matter then?
Do you feel comforted?
Can you at least pretend to be like you used to be? Give me some comfort?
That wasn't the answer you wanted?
How can you say that?
Do you think it's a possibility?
Morgan be careful.
That's right.
It's probably picking up another baby monitor.
It's broken Morgan. It'll just keep doing this.  Let's get out of the car okay?
It's noise.
I don't want any one of you spending time with Tracey Abernathy alone. Is that understood?
Pharmacy crowded?
He's telling you the truth Edgar. Whoever it was is very strong and can jump pretty high.
That roof is over ten feet high.
Bo can you turn down the volume until Officer Paski leaves?
This guy got on the roof in like a second.
Yes it was.
It was very dark.
Yes it was.
It was very dark.
You want him coming in the house next time?
No I'm not.
Are you going to do this or what?
Explain noises.
Just make noises then.
It doesn't sound natural when I curse.
You don't mean it. It's just for show.
I'm not going to curse.
Curse and stuff.
Explain act crazy?
This is not an intelligent way to approach this.
Okay this guy is trying to scare us. He's messed with our property he's coming around the house. It's time for an ass whoopin'!
Yeah baby. I think someone did.
Did someone save me?
I hope they're doing better than we are. We don't even have helmets.
I can't even imagine.
You're scaring your sister.
They'll read our minds!
Don't yell at her!
Stop crying!
Now we're talking.  How about you Merrill?
French toast... and mashed potatoes.
We'll keep her in the garage after dinner.
What about Isabelle?
The family room.
Where are we going to sleep?
We'll have to board up the bedroom doors.
Sounds made up.
What do you think about the idea that they don't like places near water and we might be safe from them near a lake or something?
What's two?
They said one of two things could happen. One they fight and are defeated and leave to return again with full forces hundreds or even thousands of years later.
Yes. They would invade us using only ground tactics. Hand to hand combat. They wouldn't use their technology or fight an airborne battle because they would know we would eventually use nuclear weapons and the planet would be useless to them.
Tell me something Morgan. In that book of your did they happen to detail what would happen if they were hostile?
I just asked his name.
Dr. Bimboo one of the authors of the book --
That means they're unemployed.
Scientists who have been persecuted for their beliefs.
Who wrote this book?
It says they're probably very small -- like my height -- because as their brains developed there was no use for physical development. It says they're probably vegetarians because they would have realized the benefits of such a diet.
They tell you everything in this book.
So the aliens can't read our minds.
It gets clearer the higher you hold it.
Don't do it.
I'm getting out now.
We can't just sit in the car in our own driveway like this.
We might lose the signal.
It's old Morgan.
It's still making the noises. It's broken.
I have some upstairs.
These are D's; I need double A's.
Edgar come inside.
It needs batteries.
Can I use Bo's old baby monitor as a walkie-talkie?
What did you say?
The truck... the truck has severed most of her lower half.
Pinned? What does that mean?
See Father Ray's truck swerved off the road and ah... Hit Colleen and then a tree. She was pinned between the two.
She's not in an ambulance Father.
Yes... That's the first thing Colleen asked too.
Is he okay?
He wasn't drinking. Ray fell asleep at the wheel.
There was an accident. Drunk driving. They weren't sure.
You take care of yourself...  Graham.
It's good advice...  Say hi to Marcia for me.
It's left its mark still. The last thing these children need to do is worry about some crazy things happening in the world. Take them into town. Get their minds -- your mind on everyday things. It's good medicine.
And three weeks.
Six months.
But I'll tell you something what I said in their still goes. You and your family have been through a lot in the last two days... Not to mention what happened to you all seven months ago.
Is anything missing?
Do you owe anybody money? You can tell me off the record if you need too.
I don't think so.
Edgar it sounds as strange to me saying it as it is to you hearing it. But we couldn't see him. He stayed mostly in the shadows. All we could make out was movement.  But I'll tell you something with absolute certainty. There was someone watching our house last night. He was looking in my children's windows and I want you to find him Edgar.  I need you to take this seriously just in case it is something serious.
Let me ask you two something. Don't be embarrassed by the answer. It is possible... Just possible now you might have been chasing each other around? You said you went in opposite directions.
I would say so.
Okay.  So he was tall?
He definitely wasn't a midget.
I don't know whether to look for a midget or a --
It does seem kind of odd doesn't it?
You can't describe him at all? Don't you think that's find of odd?
No Father they're edgy. On alert. Like they act when they smell a predator around... Peeing on themselves and everything.
Sounds like a virus.
Some animals around the county exhibiting uncharacteristic behavior. Sometimes violent behavior. Theo Henry had two of his fingers bit off by his cow.
What was the first thing?
Second thing this week I can't explain.
What kind of machine can bend a stalk of corn over without cracking it?
It's not broken.
There are none.
What about them?
The footprints.
You said something was strange. What's strange?
Don't call me Father. It's just Graham now.
What's that?
Don't call me Father.
It's the strangest thing Father.
They'll find a way in.
The book says they're probably very good problem solvers.
Don't worry.
Some guy had a sign that said it was the end of the world.  Nothing really bad is going to happen is it Uncle Merrill?
They think it might happen all at once.
It's like War of the Worlds.
They think these look like stages immediately proceeding an attack maneuver.
You'll lose the signal!
Don't do it!
Is that him?
I'll tell you what no one with lyme disease gonna win any damn handsome contests!
And that makes you look like a squid?
Touch some deer feces out in the forest. Eat a sandwich without washing your hands. Then you got lyme disease.
Sherry you gonna create a hysteria?
That young lady heard you say 'squid.' She's gonna go out and create a Goddamn hysteria!
Dude's a half--squid. Ain't many places he can hide. Sea World maybe.
How are you going to find him?
Don't fuck with me Bill. Your post here as Chief is in dire straits you don't work this shit out.
Hell Jack your leisure activities ain't my business.
Bill this Brenda's Randy Flagg's niece. We need to find Grant yesterday! The town council has lit a Roman candle and stuck it up my ass!
'Mornin' Jack.
Bill we need to talk!
You're right Jack. Margaret you're fired.
Comes with some Goddamn responsibility like keeping your people in line.
Bill you're Chief of police now. 
And this is mine.
It's my nature.
You took Bill.
Please Starla. I'm gonna do my best not to hurt anybody --
We'll just head up here into Bishopville get checked up in the hospital. Then maybe we'll head off to Hollywood after all huh?
I'll get it for you. Ibuprofen or aspirin?
Yeah. Good.
We can probably get some first aid and food at this gas station up here.
No Starla! No!
He wants me Bill! I'm going to get him to take me to him! See if you can follow me and kill him!
We can't make it. Just get away when you get the chance.
What are you doing?!
Hell Starla. I always regretted that.
After all this shit tonight I know for sure now you regret not running off with me to Hollywood!
That wasn't a good night no.
When you wanted to run away I called your dad.
My father he was -- he was real close to evil. People didn't know. Still don't. From the time I was a toddler he'd beat the hell out of me. I don't mean just like a smack for smart--mouthing... he took a real enjoyment in it. And when I turned eleven or twelve things... well they got worse. Starla looks at Bill who seems struck.
Well big ol' Lincoln sure. Guess I would have flirted with him too.
Grant used to get filled up every day. I knew it was just to see me. He was too old -- But he was handsome. And he had that big ol' Lincoln then. I flirted with him.
I know what people say Bill. I... Remember back in high school I worked at my father's gas station?
Was always curious why you... married Grant in the first place... Just never seemed outta love.
Bill I'll run out to your car call for paramedics from there.
No reception out here.
It is. He'd been acting strange. And the physical changes. I should have told someone right away... But I was just blind. I wanted to pretend it wasn't happening... If I don't do what I can to help now I just couldn't live with it.
Starla it ain't --
Please Bill. What happened it's my fault I know it.
He did. I know. But I got him angry 'cause I wasn't calm. This time I could --
He tried to kill you Starla.
Wait! Dammit Bill if that girl's still out there how will you find her? How unless you bring Grant in alive? Your best chance of doing that is with me. I can talk to him --
Why? Listen it doesn't matter. I gotta go.
Bill I heard what you're doing. I think I should go along.
New? No. We're hoping we find Grant he'll lead us to her.
How about Brenda?
She disappeared Friday night. We got reason to believe foul play might be involved.
Maybe she's ever called the house or -- ?
Grant where'd you go?
I'll get Wally to show me sometime then.
Mm hm. But only a few folks know how to get there. Wally. Rollo Linkski coulda taken you but 'course he got hit by that train. Me.
There's a place over there on the bluffs. When the fog is just right like tonight the lights of Main look like a kaleidoscope.
Well that's only if you're in the wrong spot.
I don't know. I've seen them so many times before. I guess any spot gets boring after awhile.
Pretty ain't they?
Just checking out the lights.
What you up to?
Tryin' to get a buzz on. But I'm too buff. Too much muscle mass.
Whatcha' doin'?
That's not funny.
Don't worry. The lurker ain't around. I checked.
Just block the doors any way you can.
What the hell are we going to do?!
When I buy my zoo I'm leaving them things the hell out!
A Martian is from Mars Trevor.
He's a fucking Martian?!
We're coming your way man!
Where are you?!
I see. It's like as if he's going in a pattern. Is that what you're saying Bill?
And then we get here the Castavets' where last night's shit--storm took place.
Think we should get up a search party head in there?
He's gotta be in the forest. All three ranches run alongside it.
That's the mystery of the ages there Trev. Starla was seventeen when they got engaged. He was like in his thirties. No one even knew they were goin' out till she had that ring on her finger.
What's she see in that douchebag?
What the fuck they gonna do with her in a hospital Bill?
I think we best get you to a hospital right quick.
Your momma wasn't too proud when you came out neither Wally.
Looks like a chipmunk.
What do you see? I see a butterfly.
The problem Starla is the last person anyone saw her talking to was Grant.
Some kids found her necklace near Tipper Creek as well as what might be her blood on a rock.
Oh yeah. Fuck you fat ass.
Hey Wally. Glad you're here. There was something I wanted to tell you...
Surprised you're able to lift a mug after carrying that torch for so long.
Don't worry Chief.
Shelby! We need people out here at Cosgrove and McCammon right away!
Hey there Chief.
I got to leave my post.
Shelby we broke down on 22 a mile outside town. Come pick us up.
We'll be there in ten minutes.
I can't hear when you're nodding.
Are you nodding?
Shelby shut up. Keep an eye out for these things. If you see 'em keep your mouth covered. Otherwise they'll go straight down it. All right?
Oh shit! I hope she ain't a police radio aficionado. If so I apolog
Slugs? No. 'Less you talkin' about that new waitress down at Sloan's! Ha ha!
Listen you got any reports of... I don't know what you call 'em. They look like big slugs only fast.
You dig that rat out of the hole?
Brought you munchies.
Grant? Grant I'm hungry. I'm so fuckin' hungry I think I'm gonna die.
Stuff you can never imagine. Feelings. Big thoughts. And love. Yeah. I'm inclined to parlay it into somethin' more. So go ahead there beautiful and take off your shirt.
Guess it's hard to explain how amazin' a human brain is to someone who that's all they know.
Took the kids to his Mom's for the weekend.
Where's the old half--Mexican?
You're lookin' awful pretty.
Starla Covington. Don't be ignorant. Everyone knows that. Fucking prom queen.
Already ain't. Married a gal named --
Fuck lucky. Never marry a damn half--Mexican.
Who's the lucky fella?
Hell I was game!
Shit girl you couldn't'a been eleven.
My sister Megan she's a big fat cow. Was then even more so now. I'd be thinking what'd you see in her ain't in me?
Shit. You're kidding me. Nope. BRENDA Brenda! GRANT Hell you were --
Megan Halesy' little sister.
Yep. And while you're at it get me a few of them chicken wings... some pork loins... and ooo what's this here? Osso buco?...
All the rib eyes?
Hell what am I holding back for? Why don't you just give me everything you got here?
How many you need?
Thinkin' 'bout getting me a couple of these big ol' rib eyes.
What can I do you for?
Sure thing killer.
Howdy Mr. Grant. You goin' to the Deer Cheer this weekend?
Grant you're sick!
I loved you. I loved --
Why'd you betray me sugarplum?!
No! No. Heh. I'll be right back.
I'll get if for you.
Heh. It ain't as bad as it looks sugarplum. Dr. Carl was just here. I had a reaction to a bee sting. He gave me a prescription. Said I should be fine in a couple days.
Grant. Oh my God. What happened to your -- ?
It's just one of my students Grant.
Who's that?
You're pretty.
What are you doing?
I got a super--special birthday present for you this year. I couldn't risk you finding it so I had to put them locks on the doors.
You're my princess aren't you?
My present?
Yeahhhh. I'm sorry. I just got so excited about... your present.
Grant? Why are there -- did you put locks on the garage?
Welcome home.
Wearing white just like on our... wedding day. I remember it.
I never danced in a towel before.
That's not true -- Where are you--?
I'm just some big clown to you ain't I?
Where are you going?
That's disrespectful.
Sure you do.
I'm sorry. I don't just have some switch.
Grant no -- I'm sorry I'm just -- I'm not in the mood. Grant is on top of her breathing a little too heavy. GRANT Come on baby it's --
Work thing hell Starla. He just wants to get in your pussy. Him and most these other ones around here. That's where their minds is at them sick fucks.
It's just a work thing.
Oh yeah that's what he wants to borrow this guy.
He's teaching environmental science Grant. Probably wants to borrow my lesson plans from last semester.
An animal that doesn't procreate. It spreads grows. A living disease.
When one sees you they all see you.
And you said the worms are part of him. They're all linked like one creature?
He took him over. His body. His -- his brain everything what he knew. He's only been dumb stuff before amoeba--things and rhino--things. He liked being human. Didn't want to change.
Through a wound on his stomach?
Now he's here. He went in Mr. Grant.
What other stuff?
But not always. I was -- He was... other stuff too.
Maybe you better sit back down. You don't look so good.
'Praise Jesus?' That's fucking pushing it Margaret.
Praise Jesus.
We ain't never gonna find that girl now.
Where'd he go?
So he drags the cow backwards here. Only he prolly didn't know 'bout the Castavets had them dogs.
Gold--digger huh?
Ain't no mystery to it. She's raised in them shanties off St. Luc. Dirt--poor.
And you're not?  Maybe you're my puppet.  But like all puppets you think you're actually human.  It's The Puppet's Dream.  Wondering if they're human!
No?  Who am I then?
You're not Gibarian...
You'll end up like me.
I can trust Rheya.
What I'm saying is: Don't trust anyone.  Find yourself a weapon of some sort.
It can.  Ordinary matter like ours? Not affected.  Everything else disintegrates.
Can it work?
You're being tricked.  Sartorius picked a fight with you to avoid telling you about his idea for getting rid of the visitors.  He's figured out they're made of subatomic particles called neutrinos and he's going to create a negative neutrino field.  Twenty four hours a day until they're back on Earth.
What do you want?
You think you're dreaming me like you dream her.  Understand something: I am the real Gibarian.  Just a new incarnation.
Leave the light off.
Where's Snow?  Did you call him?
If it continues it will implode from its own weight and turn into a black hole in about four hours and pulls us in with it.
How quickly?
It's changing characteristics.  It's solidifying taking on weight.
Whose side are you on?
You fucking bastard...
It's not human Kelvin.  Whatever it is it's not human and I am threatened by that.  Evolution-of- the-species-at-stake threatened. And I want to win.  I want humans to win.  So I am killing it before it kills me.
Why would you let her to do that?
No she won't.
She'll come back.
Kelvin she begged me.  I had a short- range version of the destabilizer prototype a miniature with a range of a few meters.  She walked into it and disappeared.  She was gone.
You murdered her!
Not her.  It.
You killed her!
Why did you agree to come here?
That's fantastic.
Meaning Man can do whatever the fuck it wants?
She reappeared exactly as she had before?
No.  There's no behavior modification.
We're done.  Oh I should tell you I don't trust Snow.  There's something wrong with him.
Just so you know: I'm not going back until I understand what it is.  I am going to figure out what it is make it stop and then I will go home.
They shouldn't let people like you into space.
Her?  Who are you talking about?
In the lab.  With her probably.
Where's his body?
The same thing that could happen to any of us.
I am here to recover this mission report my findings and make a recommendation.  Now: What happened to him?
Who here could possibly care what you want?  At best you're Employee of the Month for the highest bidder in the Solaris auction.  They have no idea what's going on up here. They've never even been in space. And I'm supposed to listen to you?
I want to hear your version.
Didn't you talk to Snow?
What happened to Gibarian?
You have to give me your word you won't come in.  Then I'll come out.
Maybe you can.
But I can't leave with you.  I won't make it.
Oh right away.  That's why you never saw me with anyone.  You should've noticed that.  I miss him though. I think I made a mistake.
When did this happen?
I won't be making the trip.
What's wrong with you?  We need your help.
You do you don't.  She's willing to give her life you're willing to give yours it's touching and magnificent anything you want but -- this isn't the place for it.  Don't you see?  No you don't.
I love her.
You'll see her die that's all. They're mortal despite what she told you.  She will die.  Then what will you do?
Who are you trying to please? Yourself?  Her?  Which her this one or that one.  Can you face both?  We are in a situation that is beyond morality.  So: Leave with her.  You'll see the transformation.
Maybe she doesn't need any.  Should we check?
Her oxygen would have run out.
Kelvin she'll disintegrate.  You don't believe me?  Let's radio that shuttle pod you launched -- better yet let's go get it.  I've charted it's trajectory only take a few hours...
What do you want to do leave the station with her?
Just get him to stop.
I want you to get Sartorius to abandon his plan.
What do you want?
She knows everything?  Does she know she came once before and you put her in --
She knows everything.  She knows who she is.
Oh this one you love?  What about the first one the one you fucked and then put into a rocket and blasted into space?  You didn't love her?
Why do you think she hasn't suggested that?  It's the most obvious solution: Escape.  She knows she can't leave here --
She drank liquid oxygen.
What happened?
That's right.  And we all have to sleep eventually.
They come when you sleep.
But they are human.  They certainly become human with incredible speed. First they're like they were in our memory but then they fill in on their own.  DNA doesn't determine the hundreds of trillions of connections that occur in the brain it's not dense enough.  They build up with experience.
Human beings can die.
Perhaps it did.
But why is it doing what it's doing? Given it's resources it could have done anything.  Presented me with your double and you with mine.
Well I think we're reaching the point of diminishing returns here right?  Certainly it's learning more about us than we'll ever learn about it.
I've never heard you express any desire to leave before now.  Why now?
Of course when we return we'll be regarded as lunatics if we tell the truth.  We'll chalk it up to isolation collective derangement.
We can liquidate the station.  Take the Athena back.
Who are you trying to convince?
Consciousness is enough that's all I've saying.  Consciousness should be enough for anybody.
Stop equivocating!  Unbelievable how you equivocate!  You the atheist you're more dogmatic than any holy person I've ever seen!  This is happening Kelvin.  Wake up.
Not necessarily.
If God is beyond our comprehension and she --  -- is here for reasons that can't be understood isn't God here?
-- we are not sure of that.  We are not sure we aren't all hallucinating.
You're unnerved because you've spent your whole life thinking nobody is looking over you and suddenly your subconscious is an open book.  We are for the first time experiencing changes in natural reality by a force not our own.  That proves that --
When you cut yourself pounding the door did it hurt?
I'm just trying to find an explanation for the continual reappearances.
Is it being deliberately cruel you mean?  I don't think so.
Just a little strategy session.  But in person this time.
Can you meet me and Sartorius on B deck in an hour?
What is it?
Kelvin you awake?
That's ludicrous.  This is contact. We have found God.  The only issue is figuring out how to prove this in a way that will make sense back on Earth.  So how will we describe it if we choose to describe it at all?
Gibarian said he thinks Solaris should be destroyed.
An enormous amount of money changed hands to get control of this project. We are in little danger of being left alone for long.  You'll need to do something. Otherwise they'll be sending someone out to recover you.
I don't know.
What are you going to report back to Earth?
What will you say?
Told you what?
I wish you'd told me.
Will she come back?
It started about three months ago. Right after the government sold the expedition.  We were ready to go home.
She has materialized from your memory of her.  What was her name?
I'm not sure.  It started with Gibarian.  He locked himself in his room and refused to talk except through a crack in the door.  He covered the video lens. Obviously we thought he was having a nervous breakdown.  I don't know why he didn't tell us he had somebody in there.  By this time we were getting visitors too.  He was desperately trying to figure it out.  Day and night.  Who was she?
And professionally?
Personally I think it's God.  At least it fits my definition.
What was it?
I told you try to stay calm.  You're supposed to be the psychologist of the bunch.
Was her breakfast conversation that bad?
Well when you do go to sleep: barricade your door.
That depends.
How long can you go without sleep?
How much sleep?
How much sleep do you need?
Oh that's a relief.
Tell me.  I won't think you're insane.
She was real.  Where did she come from?
Who was it?
Gibarian warned me.  He left me a message.
Why who did you see?
Is there anybody else here?
Kelvin if you see anything unusual...
He'll let me in.
In his lab.  He won't let you in.
Where's Sartorius?
I can't talk just now.  I'm too tired.
I love chocolate.  I realized just yesterday how much I love it.  I thought maybe if they let you bring personal effects you might have snuck some through because... well I've been thinking about it.
You didn't bring any chocolate did you?
What's wrong?  What happened to Gibarian?
Shhhh.  Just stay with me.  Stay with me.  Everything is forgiven. Everything.
How can you be here...
You must have been dreaming.
Last night.  You were talking to someone in the corridor.
Where did you go before?
Please.  Don't.
I don't know.  Something.  Anything.
What does it want?
A sleeping pill.  Do you want yours?
What are you taking?
I don't know anymore.  All I see is you.
Am I really her?
It put you here.  I'll admit it it acted like a God and put you here put you into my consciousness.  I was asleep and it put you into my dream.  I saw your mouth.  And there you were.  Whether you've been sent here to make me happy or punish me it doesn't matter.  The decision we make now is all that matters.  Stay with me.
You have to remember that I love you that's all that matters --
I have consciousness but I am not mortal.  Don't you see why I'm going crazy?
I think they help.
They do something to me.  It's hard to think straight.
I wish you wouldn't.
I want to stop taking those pills.
Is that really what you want?
But then I would be dead now.
Yes.  I told you.  It was exactly like mine.
Did you hear what Gibarian said? I'm not a human being.  I'm an instrument.  I came from your memory and your imagination and I will torture you no matter what.  Even if I remain passive.  That's when I drank the...  I was going mad.  It felt like there was no body underneath my skin. There was something else.  An illusion.  But I could feel my heart beating and I remembered you tested my blood.  Is it like yours?
Yes you are --
I... I am Rheya.  But I am not the woman you loved ten years ago.
Who are you then?
That's impossible.  I'm not Rheya.
You exist here.  I keep telling you.
You're lying.
I want you here.
What do I have to do to stop it?
Then you won't make it.
Chris please.  Chris I'm serious. I won't make it.
I can't stay here.
I never said I didn't.
You never said you wanted one.
Neither did I.
Chris I had to.  I had to.  I didn't think you'd react like this.
It wouldn't have made any difference.
You should have told me.
Don't do this.  I am literally begging you not to do this.  Chris.
I want every second I can get with you.
Then you'll die.
Rheya I am not going back.  I'm staying here with you.
You're lying.  I'm not human.
I'm disgusting.
Listen: I don't care about anything but the fact that you are here.  You are her you are Rheya.
Don't call me that.
I'm not Rheya.  You've always known that.
I don't think it knows it's torturing us.  It's just watching.
How could it be so cruel?  How could it torture us like this?
That won't happen again.  We're different.
Don't.  I'm the one at risk here. If we're playing out what happened before I won't survive.
I love you.
Please don't lie.  I told you before I don't know how I came to be here. Whatever you think you can't say to me I need to hear you say it.
It's all right.
What's happening to us?
He is.  But he was here...
You said he was dead.
Gibarian.  He was here.
What's wrong?
If you're here.
Do you want to stay here?
Not this time.
But that's what happened before.
Neither can I.  Not any of it. There's no reference point for what's going on; it's never happened before. It's a clean break in the fabric of the Universe; a gap.  There is nothing to do but experience it moment-to- moment and not let it destroy us.
I have these strange thoughts I don't know where they come from.  I can't explain it.
For a reason that neither of us understand you are forced to stay near me.  That's all I know right now.
That's what you were saying.  I heard what you were saying.
You don't want me.
I'm just as human as you.  I see I hear I touch and I feel just like you do.
Don't debate him; he'll say anything.
You're the coward.
Those are dreams.
I don't think do.  It's not sleep; it's something else.  It's all around me.
Can you sleep?
I love you too.
No.  I love you.
Was she right?
You... she said I didn't love her.
Why did she do it?
Yes.  Especially toward the end.
But we fought.
I'm just trying to understand what's going on.
I'm sure there are worse people to talk to but I don't know who they are.
When?  When I'm asleep?
Who have you been talking to?
That I am not Rheya.  That Rheya died.  Killed herself.  I'm different.
What are you talking about?
You don't love me.
What's wrong.
Do I really feel like... I am...?
It was obvious from the way he first looked at me.
It's a violent response to something we haven't figured out.  Don't let the cowardly demeanor fool you: He is ruthless.  Unblinking in his prejudice.
You feel sorry for Solaris or for me?
He does have a point.  That's just not the way I'd like to see it proven.
He has a point.
Well.  He doesn't think it's God but for different reasons than me. He's thinking: If I can figure out how to make it stop than I am smarter than it is and therefore it cannot be God.
Sartorius wants to destroy it.
Snow thinks we shouldn't leave until we figure out a way to document it to prove its existence to the planet Earth.  This is hilarious: He thinks it's God but he wants it to sit still for a photograph so he can show the folks back home.
What does Snow think you should do?
I know.  I'm putting that in my next report.
You know I've decided: I'm just gonna believe what you believe about this whole Solaris thing it'll make life so much easier; the little wife agreeing with her big strong husband. You must get such a headache thinking about those Great Big Problems all day.
How could she not be real?  I can smell her taste her.  She does exactly what she did... it's not possible.
I like that too.
Good.  Because I want you to know. I really like fucking you.
I think so.
Do you have any idea how much I like fucking you?
It's genetics.  You know this.  You know where it comes from.  There is nothing wrong with uncrossing a few crossed wires.
I can't help feeling that I'm cheating when I take them.
I don't know.  I couldn't understand why you didn't tell me.
Why did you say those things?
You don't know?
What happened to us exactly?
Thinking what you were doing and saying just being consumed by thinking of you.  I loved it so much that feeling.
I know.  I know.  We don't have to talk about that.
Scared.  No not scared.  Wary. Like I was something to be... her guard went up.  I was a threat.  Now I know why.  She was afraid she'd be seen.  That I would see her for the self-obsessed neurotic that she was. I think she thought she had a few more years of being on a pedestal. But that's the cycle right?  I knew a little more than she did she knew a little more than her mother and on and on.  I guess that's part of the reason why --
What kind of look?
Seven eight.  So one day my mother catches me sort of staring off into space and she asks me what I'm doing and I start trying to explain to her about this state that I can put myself in and this look comes over her face.
How old were you?
I would have these -- I don't know how to describe them -- visions when I was younger.  Maybe not visions but like these waking dream states.  Time would just collapse I would be inside time.  I would stare at a second hand on a clock until it stopped.  Freaky stuff.
I been thinking about how much I hate you.
Where've you been?
When I saw you were gone I got scared.
You were trying to break down the door.  Do you know why?
What happened?
As I said then it's God right?
As I said it is beyond our comprehension.
But what if Solaris is what there was before The Big Bang?
You're talking about a man in a white beard again.  You're ascribing human characteristics to something that isn't human.  Human beings look for causes and patterns.  How could we know what Solaris is up to if anything?
Even a God that wasn't active that just created something and stood back and watched?
The whole idea of God was dreamed up by a silly animal with a small brain called Man.  Even the limits we put on it are human limits.  It can do this it can do that!  It designs it creates!
You still don't believe in God?
It's something.
Then it's God right?
Intelligent beyond our comprehension.
Is it intelligent?
Not exactly.  It exists in a continuum that wasn't proven until ten years ago a higher mathematical dimension superimposed on top of the Universe. An infinite number of them in fact. It was a violation of all of our various laws regarding the Universe Space or Space-Time.  It was completely counter-intuitive.  We had to unlearn everything.
Is it a planet?
Yes.  But not until you mentioned them.  As soon as you said those things I remembered them.  And they have associations that make me think of other things I remember.  It's like filling up.
Do you remember Beethoven?  The Beatles?  Movies books restaurants friends?
What do you mean?
What do you remember?
All right.  How about I feel better when you take them?
I know I know.  But still somehow I don't feel better.
You're better when you take them.
You talk like an actor.
I am.  Please come with me.  I don't want to do this here.
You go home.
Let's go home.
And I just want to know if I'm crazy or not -- if what I think is happening is actually happening.  Or am I one of those people those women who are blind to what's going on?  Who pretend not to see their husband's attention toward another woman?
Rheya.  Not here.
You behave as though you want to fuck her.
You want to fuck her?
And tonight?
You didn't look very happy.
Not a very happy poem.
My Thomas is a little rusty.
Poem.  Dylan Thomas.  I thought of it when I saw you on the train.
I want you inside me right now.
We're taking a flight?
To calm my anxiety.
To calm your anxiety.
What are they?
I'll be right back.
I don't know.  I can't be alone.
I'll just be a minute.
I'll go with you.
I need to see Snow.
Oh God.  I'm awake.
You go ahead.  Of what I remember about Earth... it's all one thing now.  Everything's a blur.  I like distinctions.
You want it coming back with us?
Fuck me.  I knew it.
I got rid of him.  I wanted to see if... I wanted to be the only one. I wanted to be Snow.
I'm not Snow.
Snow get up here now.
Gibarian was helpless.  It's very simple: Man created the science that resulted in the discovery of Solaris and the ship that brought us here.
Gibarian was under enormous --
Are the actions of Solaris premeditated?
Followed by non-human manifestations.
And when a given situation no longer corresponds to the normal faculties of the... original the visitor suffers some sort of disconnected consciousness.
A recoil with no compensating mechanism.
It's an experiment.
They are not autonomous individuals and they're not actual persons. They are projections materializing from our minds based on a given individual.
We want to talk freely.
We thought you'd be alone.  We want to talk about...
Why do you say that?
He won't do it.
Let me see.
Peter-- you took this picture?
And Flash isn't?
At least this ensemble doesn't glow in the dark.
Well look who's dressing for success.
Peter Parker you have no idea what I did this weekend.  Or didn't do. It's no business of yours either way.
Time to get my bowling ball re drilled.
Oh beware of jealousy my lord the green-eyed monster...
Sexual tension...
I'm always here Pete.
When you won that scholarship I was proud of you.
-- no I mean... we... your Aunt May not wantin' kids and all... I mean we both...
Oh come on Ben that's not--
Yeah ya like to do things on your own  I been thinkin' lately.  Maybe I wasn't the ya know greatest dad--
Cause if you get in a bind--
Ya set for uh ya know-- money?
Yeah Babe Ruth you wasn't.
Remember Little League?
S'funny.  When your mom and dad uh passed away I had this idea. I wanted you to be the best baseball player in the world.
Nonot really.
Ya still follow the Mets Pete?
Eh.  If I ever get out from under. Maybe take May to France or somethin'.
I know.  Still thinking about retiring?
Wasn't worth gettin' upset over a Milky Way.  Anyways I was never much for ya know discipline.
You stop him?
Ah ya know.  Neighborhood's not what it used to be.  Kid no more'n five swiped a candy bar the other day.
Same old stuff.  How's the pharmacy?
So uh... how's college goin'?
No. No that's okay.
What want a glass?
Uh Uncle Ben I--
Here you go Pete.
Or was it all a dream?
I was there.
-- but they got it all wrong.  Any fool can figure it out.  Spider-Man nailed this guy!
Flash drop it--
No no listen. They're tryin' to say he was in cahoots with this killer--
Yeah take pity on the feeble minded.
Come on laughter's the best medicine!
Flash get lost.
Hm.  What a lump.
Mistake?  Hey guy get back here!
I saw him too.  He was silly and obnoxious.
Hey guys.  Check it out-- I saw this dud on the tube last night. He is incredibly cool.
I'm parked illegally!
I was sort of hoping to get out of--
Oh. Well hang in there amigo.
Well I've missed a lot of classes myself...
Oh I need your notes from the classes I missed.
I got you a present.
Listen I do appreciate your concern but--
You get mugged or something?
You're not half the idiot I am Harry.
And you let me go on about Rosomoff working me too hard?  I feel like a complete idiot.
Jesus Christ.
I am not pitiful!  I am the bridge to the bermensch!
Don't be pitiful.
You're so responsible it's disgusting. But you're my only friend... do you hate me?
Why home? The real world beckons man!  The possibilities are endless.  Want to go up to the World Trade Center and laugh at New Jersey?
Great idea.  Let me get some shoes. I'll take you home.
Screw scholarships!   Universities are death!  They make slaves of us all with their fetid ideas!  Burn 'em down I say!
I know.  I've got one too.
Let me guess.  The hunting dogs. You lost your scholarship.
Ooooh.  Your feet are on fire.
A little bunny I saved from dissection.
What's in there?
They'll never take me alive.
You maniac.  You'll blow your scholarship.
You can be great kid just stick with it. But let me give you one little piece of advice... be a good guy.
Oh look Mr. Hogan I'm really sorry about what happened in there. Really--
How are you doing kid?
Get away from me freak!
Are you okay?
That's not even close.
Lemme down bugface!
Now tell me you love me.
No!  Now get outta my face kid.
Can I get a word in edgewise?
No! Washington Square manhole covers turn into flying saucers and radios explode like A-bombs.  Did you get pictures?
Mr. Jameson--
Bunch of kids at your goddamned college say their appliances attacked them.  Did you get pictures?
You print pictures of Bigfoot!
I don't give a gerbil's ass how you got 'em!  I can't print this surreal garbage!
Double-exposures? But they're not-- I was in--
I got a question college boy.  What the hell am I supposed to do with these!?  I ask for disaster pathos what do I get?  Salvador Dali!  When I want artsy-fartsy double-exposures I'll ask for--
Mr. Jameson--
I like enthusiasm.  That's why I use a lot of smart-ass kids.  Not just 'cause they work cheap.
Well thanks.  You wouldn't believe what I went through to get those. Right after you took my camera this ambulan--
I bet you don't think I appreciate you Parker.  I do.
Gimme that.  Pick it up later.
Can't focus...
Seventy.  But I want blood and gore.  You know sexy stuff.
Can we make it a hundred?
Get inside and get pictures.  Fifty bucks.
Parker-- you go here right?  Got your camera?
You taking extension classes Mr. Jameson?
You make your own luck Parker! Get into the middle of things spend every day pounding the pavement of the city's mean streets--
Come on that's pure luck!  The guy was in the right place at the right time--
I think you're trying to tell me something.
Too hip.  Your photos suck kid.
Oh that?  It'll come unstuck in a half-hour or so. Your mouth needs the rest.  Bye.
Frmpph-yrr.
Thank you.  Now repeat after me-- Spider-Man is a good guy. On the side of right and niceness and cute baby animals and all that.
Police help!  Po-- mmph.
Would you cool it already?
I don't submit to blackmail!  The first amendment protects my freedom to tell the news as I imagine it and--
Relax Jameson.  This is business. I know you want photos of me so I'll give your boy Parker an exclusive.  On one condition--
Deal.  But don't tell anyone.  I want to keep a low profile.
An even five I throw in the jacket.
Two suits by tomorrow for $400?
You're making my life difficult.
How about tomorrow?
Eh.  Week from tomorrow.
A spider.  Eight legs.
What's this? A cockaroach?
Uh-huh. Look this should be skintight.  Bright colors.  Red maybe a deep midnight blue.
No refund on the mask y'know. Health laws.
Just about.  See I also have this amazing strength.
Are you quite finished?
Just about.  You see I also have this amazing strength...
All right amazing.  Are you quite finished?
I'll hate myself in the morning for asking but what exactly makes you any more amazing than the average jerk on the street?
Thanks I already ate.
Can I get you a snack-- a housefly maybe?
Just call me Spidey.
I see.  So Amazing Spider-Man-- I'll assume that's not your given name--
Sorry. I'm still getting the hang of this.
Is that bug juice or are you just glad to see me?
What if the world ends tomorrow?
What if you get hurt?
Even if you've heard them a million times in every stupid pop song ever written.
Even if they're not clever.
Some things you should say anyway.
Maybe I was hiding.  For years I never told Ben the one important thing.
I don't think he wants me to find him.
When Peter was little he loved to hide.  In closets under the sink. He needed a secret place.  But when I'd look for him he'd laugh... he wanted to be found.
He left.  I couldn't believe it-- he just left!  It's as if he's somewhere else... I'm only getting a piece of him.
This may be the end of a beautiful friendship you know.
Hold it.  Can we stop being clever just for a moment?
Hm.  Well I like you too.  I like your aunt.  I like your shoelaces. I like--
I... I like you.  A lot.
Hello.  So very boring.  Peter Parker how do you feel about me this morning?
I'm here...
Her cleverness that hard edge-- maybe they're the weakest part of her. The strong part is what's underneath.  The part she was protecting.  There's no reason to protect it... I think she's just finding that out now.
Ssh.  I always thought she was a strong person.  She is-- but not for the reasons I thought.
Oh God I forgot to--
May's much better. She'll be out soon.
Just shut up and close your eyes. This'll hurt.
I'm sorry about being a jerk this afternoon.
Unh-huh.  Excuse me.  I've gotta go.
Hello.  Earth to Peter.  Are you listening?
I know what you mean.  I...
Am I?  I'm not so sure.  I used to be sure of a lot of things.  Oh different things from week to week but now-- I'm not sure of anything anymore.
Listen.  You think you're responsible for everything that happens.  Don't flagellate yourself - and don't flatter yourself either.  You're not the center of the universe. You're just... Peter.
You'd feel what?
Does it have a human name?
Some prep school thing.
You should write that one down.
But you like that in a man?
God Flash can be such a jerk.
You want to give them something but they'll just buy more Ripple. And they smell so... bad.
Yeah.  Really gets to you if you let it.
Since you're feeling guilty why not donate your pretzel to somebody who needs it?
Maybe.  I could have stopped it though.
He'll weasel out of trouble. Again.
Back to the lab.  Harry'll probably lose his scholarship.
Poor Harry.  Always desperate for attention.  What about the bunny?
-- but the dogs treed him between Huxley and Kafka.
No.  I was lying about the coffee.
I hate your relatives I hate your coffee I hate your shoes.
I hate people with alliterative names.
I hate the Platonic idea of you.
Oh.  Well I hate you and everyone who looks like you.
I lov-loathe Elizabeth Allan. Abhor detest despise--
Uh is a good start.
It's never too early to be clever. Describe in a sentence how you feel about me.
It's too early to be clever.
How very dull Peter Parker.
Good morning Liz.
Precise equipment such as waldos
Roz? Rosomoff?  What is it?
Nope.  Maybe he skipped to Rio. Feds got troops surrounding every cyclotron on the continent.  Are you absolutely positive that one at E.S.U. is kaput?
Any sign of our friend?
Peter-- my condolences.
Einstein right?  We'll see ya.
It's a lot of ground to cover. We'll try.  Funny coincidence huh?
I know him.
You sure about all this?
And he'll need a cyclotron.  He can't use ours-- he's already destroyed it.  Guard every nuclear accelerator on the Eastern Seaboard.  New Haven Long Island two in Cambridge--
Toxic dumps huh.
There's an infinitely greater danger. If--  Listen.  The only thing Octavius cares about is repeating his experiment.  To do that he needs a radioactive catalyst SL 270.
Yeah that's fascinating but I'm just a fat dumb cop lookin' for a psycho killer--
Lieutenant I've triangulated recent bizarre events-- the Bronx Jersey Brooklyn-- all rippling out from--  Here.  The E.S.U. Science Center. Octavius' experiment seems to have opened a hole in space-time drastically changing the interrelation between molecular binding electromagnetism and gravity--
Right. We have reason to believe he also robbed an armored truck and killed two men. With the waldos.
But you said he went off a little after the accident when those mechanical arms--
Octavius wasn't the murderer type.
Some of him char-broiled bones. Teeth. We ruled out suicide.  Any bad blood between him and Ock?
So you've found Thorkel?
You were the last one to see Thorkel.  In Octavius' hospital room.
He'll be fine. They won't tell me anything but I'm sure he'll be fine.
I was napping on the couch.  There was a voice and a shot.  I woke up. Ben was looking at me.
Aunt May what happened?
Oh Ben gets through everything.
It's fine.  Tell me what--
Peter you're bleeding.
See?  You big dullard.
A match made in heaven.
Use a fork.
Funny thing happened after my physics class today. Harry Osborn--
Absolutely no class.
You were adorable.  The least you could do is use a glass.
Oh not that.  You promised you'd burn it.
Tofu.  Ben I wish you wouldn't.
What the hell is that?
It'll shut itself off.
The record--
Yes.  Do you have a date?
It's Friday night...
Anyway I've decided to kidnap you for dinner in Forest Hills--
I'm a photographer remember?
Ick.  And those foul chemicals in the pots--
I'll introduce you.
--but I didn't feel like getting to know your roaches.
I am old enough to--
Oh Peter. A zit.
When I moved out you swore up and down you wouldn't meddle--
Your records are older than you are.  Have you never heard of new wave?
Aunt May you're trespassing.
That's the understatement of the year.
There's nothing in there worth stealing!
Yeah a psychiatric hospital. Listen I'm serious--
Do ya? Lemme give you the number for Bellevue.  That's 561-5151--
I mean I suddenly have immense physical power and the ability to crawl up walls--
Is this some sort of Zen thing?
Hi.  I've got sort of a hypothetical question.  Do you suppose the bite of a radioactive spider would transmit that spider's proportional strength and agility?
Poison emergency.
Doubtless.  And you'll have all the time in the world to pursue your work.   Somewhere else.
I will finish what I've begun
Then you'll be glad to know the University has decided not to press criminal charges against you. Breaking and entering the minor matter of the total destruction of a 23 million dollar cyclotron
That Nobel Prize will just have to wait.
I don't care.  Cretin.
You've used up your grant. The electric bills alone exceed your annual salary.  Not to mention the potential hazards of your radioactive fuel.
This is the unified field!  All the forces of the universe tied together-- perfectly!
What you've done is make the entire physics department look foolish. You compare yourself to Einstein; your colleagues compare you to Bozo the Clown.
I couldn't care less.  What I've done is--
Then the alumni reports came in-- fund-raising is down this year.
I've had an extremely bad day Octavius.  A sophomoric prank in the library and punitive measures.
In this obsolete little cyclotron I'm solving the greatest physics problem of the 20th Century.  With more power I could--
Let's talk in the hall.
Proof.  Proof of a unified field. Not just theory and equations-- experimental proof.
Power down.  I need to talk to you.
Ha.  Anti-gravitational particles.
You have no right!  This is cosmic suicide!
Truth.  Truth alone exists. Truth must be released...
My God Otto you have to hear me! The world we know will collapse! Everything we have devoted our lives to-- all patterns all harmonies-- will be destroyed!
Oh Roz.  My mind is so far beyond yours now.  I could beat you at chess now.
Life and death matter. Yours-- everyone's.  By comparison our search for truth is only a product of curiosity a game--
No. It isn't.
I'll repeat the experiment.  I will hold the truth. That's the only thing that matters.
Otto we are mere mortals. You must never forget your own limits--
Truth. Pure eternal.  Beyond the boundaries of mere mortality.
Creation? Or its opposite?
You're wrong.  Just for a moment I heard saw felt-- I became Creation.
All right we may be insignificant imperfect creatures-- but we're all we've got.
My self.  I don't matter.  This human life all life- insignificant.  Bodies-- bags of sleepy sluggish flesh.
Ach theories!  This was first hand experiential knowledge the essence of the universe.
A bit melodramatic but if you could prove it that would tie in your unified field theory the Big Bang Kaluza-Klein--
I left a paper in my desk.
I heard about Thorkel's order--
No.  No thank you.  I have work.
Perhaps. But every now and then someone pays attention.  You did.
Rosomoff I have better things to do than teach Introductory Physics to mindless adolescents.
Otto I don't like Thorkel any more than you do.  But he has got a point.
If you really apply yourself you'll get an A next time.
Oh. Yeah.  Thanks.
The paper my boy.  A solid B-plus.
I'll try. Thanks.
You never know.  Go get some sleep.
I don't think I'll be running into him.
Really.  I'd like to speak with him.
Luck.  The right place at the right time.
No thank you.  I'm sure you've got your own problems.
Need any more help?
Only Octavius knows for sure.  And last time I spoke to him he was on the planet Whiz-Bang.
Not a lot.  I saw inside of the Science Center.  What exactly happened?
How much do you know about it?
Caused by Doc Ock's experiment?
Fortean phenomena.  Anomalies in our so-called reality. Weirdness my boy and lots of it.
Really Professor I--
Pretty lame for such a smart kid.
Actually I got this spider bite
Your dog ate it.
An extension on that astronomy paper?  Because uh...
Peter what can I do for you?
Hi Professor.  What's up?
Mr. Parker.
Letterman show NBC. We'll talk then.  Bye.
Why? It is a wrestling match or
Good. We'll make it oral for now. Meet me at Rockefeller Center at six tonight.
I was hoping you'd call babe. Look you got representation?
Hello uh Mr. Reiss?  I'm-- I'm the guy who wrestled Hulk Hogan the other day.  The guy in the mask?
Oh-- I don't know-- thanks Mr. Reiss but--
Kid you were terrific.  Max Reiss novelty acts.  Was that judo or something?  Ah skip it.  Question is can you do it again?
I just gave-- yeah sure.
Mr. Reiss-- I need a quarter--
Okay kid. Call me tomorrow.
No.  No I-- my aunt and uncle. Something's wrong  --  I need to make a phone call.
I asked if you felt like a drink--
... a couple a drinks at Sardi's?
Yup.  Oh here's your check minus my commission.  Solid solid novelty act.
So they're airing this tonight?
Nah.  The big mask was better.
Where'd you get the clown suit?
No no!  Not there!
Up here Docky Ocky!
Sure in the war.  Pull those cables--
Professor you ever fly one of these things before?
I'm not so happy myself.
Spider-Man be careful!  He's quite mad.
Phooey on that.
I see.  Well Octavius won't get much further. They'll catch him and... put him away.  Sad.  He might very well have the truth.
No but I've got this secret identity to worry about. I'll swing the rest of the way.
Do you... live around here?
Just drop me off here.
Loonytunes.  And yet...
Forgive me if I don't feel too sympathetic right now.
A messianic complex is nothing new to Octavius. In  his universe there's only one mind-- his own. It must be very lonely.
And blow up the universe just to prove he's right?  Bit egotistical isn't it?
He'll try to finish his experiment.
The usual.  Heredity and environment.  What's the deal with Doc Ock?
Excuse me if I'm impertinent but-- how did you become whatever it is you are?
Imagine how I feel.
Logic.  Lot 49 is the closest stockpile of SL 270--  I do feel foolish talking with a man dressed like a--
Yeah just a lung full of New Jersey.  Lucky you showed up when you did.
You're sure you're all right.
Right.  Let's go.
Explain that some jerk in a mask and costume fought a mad scientist with four tentacles?
I sent for  the police.  We can explain.
Full disruptors.
Target their Bridge.
I don't know. He bathed now he is roaming the ship. He must be the only Engineer in Starfleet who does not go to Engineering!
Where is he now?
Then when is he going to Engineering?
I thought he was the Chief Engineer.
Where is he?
It's working.
We'll consider it a prisoner exchange.
The Captain would make a much more valuable hostage.
HoS qorDu. 
Toh-pak-cha=8A 
Yes well congratulations Ensign. It wouldn't be the Enterprise without a Sulu at the helm.
Twelve years sir.
But that wasn't so long ago. It couldn't have been more than...
I don't want to hear anymore about it. I'm not going and that's final.
Captain. Perhaps you have forgotten that tomorrow is the christening ceremony.
Tomorrow I want to make a tri-elliptical jump. That's where you jump out over Northern China and make three complete orbits before you start re-entry.
Thanks for pointing that out.
Actually Captain your precise target area was thirty-five meters that way.
I have to find a way to get to Soran.
Approximately forty-seven minutes sir.
Sorry sir.  There is too much interference in the planet's ionosphere for an accurate reading.
Approximately two hundred thirty million.
Population?
Veridian III is uninhabited but Veridian IV supports a pre-industrial humanoid society.
Are any of them inhabited?
And destroy every planet in the system.
It should be noted sir that the collapse of the Veridian star would produce a shock wave similar to the one we observed at Amargosa.
That's where he's going.
Yes sir. There are two in the Veridian system.
He can't go to the ribbon so he's trying to make the ribbon come to him.  Data is it going to pass near any M-Class planets?
I believe so.
Now you said the gravitational forces in this sector have been altered could that also affect the course of the ribbon?
I believe so.
Courage is an emotion too Data.  Now can you project the course of the ribbon?
Can you project its course?
This is its current position.
The destruction of the Amargosa star has altered the gravitational forces throughout the sector. Any ship passing through this region will have to make a minor course correction.
Wait. The Bozemanwhy did it change course?
According to our current information the destruction of the Amargosa star has had the following effects in this sector: gamma emissions have increased by .05 percent the starship Bozeman was forced to make a course correction a research project on Gorik IV was halted due to increased neutrino particles ambient magnetic fields have decreased by-
Guilt. It is a most unpleasant feeling.
No. And what you must try to avoid is becoming consumed by another emotion which I believe you're beginning to experience: guilt.
But I did not deal with it sir. I let it prevent me from helping my friend.  Does that make me a coward?
Fear is a very difficult emotion to overcome. It's something we all have to learn to deal with.
I wanted to save Geordi. I tried. But I experienced something I did not expect.  I believe it was fear.
What do you mean?
No sir. I am finding it difficult to concentrate. I believe I am overwhelmed with feelings of remorse and regret concerning my actions on the observatory.
Data are you all right?
It will take a few moments for the computer to compile the information.
Give me a list of those effects. I want to know every single thing which has been altered or changed no matter how insignificant.
The star's destruction has had numerous astro-physical effects within this sector. However none of them appear to have a connection to the energy ribbon.
Guinan said Soran was trying to get back to the ribbon. If that's true then there must be some connection with the Amargosa star.
Sorry Captain. The ribbon has already entered the galaxy. It will pass through this sector in approximately thirty-one hours.
When is it expected back?
According to our information the ribbon is a conflux of temporal energy which travels through our galaxy every 39.1 years
One minute to warp core breach.
That's it Bridge- we're all out!
We better get you back to the ship  La Forge to Enterprise.
I believe the emotional chip has overloaded my positronic relays.
Data are you all right?
I am sorry but I cannot stop myself. I think something is wrong
Data this isn't the time.
It appears to be a magnetically sealed.
I don't see a control panel or an access port.
I know. I just got it.  It was very funny.
The Farpoint mission? Data that was seven years ago.
During the Farpoint mission. We were on the Bridge and you told a joke. That was the punchline.
You get what?
I get it. I get it.
I am uncertain. I have had little experience with emotions. I am unable to articulate the sensation.
Really? What do you feel?
I believe the beverage has provoked an emotional response.
But at the first sign of trouble I'm going to deactivate it. Agreed?
Wait a minute. I thought you've always been afraid it would overload your neural net.
It has occurred to me on several occasions. But I believe this may be the appropriate time.
Data you're not thinking about using that thing are you?
I was attempting to get in the spirit of things. I thought it would be humorous.
No but I'd stay out of Sickbay for a while if I were you. I still don't know why you dropped her in the water.
Is she still angry?
All hands brace for impact!
I have rerouted auxiliary power to the lateral thrusters- attempting to level our descent.
Perhaps.  Yes! If we sent a low-level ionic pulse it might reset the coil and engage the cloaking systems.
Could we access the defective coil and trigger their cloak?
I hope so sir.
We all are Data. But we're going to get him back.
I am quite...preoccupied with concern about Geordi.
Looks like you're stuck with emotions for a while. How do you feel?
The station complement was nineteen.
Sensors show five life signs aboard the station Captain.
There's some buckling on the starboard nacelle.  We've also got a hull breach in the Engineering section. Emergency forcefields are in place and holding.
You did it Kirk!  Damage report Ensign.
I'll go. You have the Bridge.
Deck 15 section 21-alpha.
Beam them directly to Sickbay.
We're within range sir.
We're within visual range of the energy distortion Captain.
Signal the closest starship. We're in no condition to mount a rescue. We don't even have a full crew aboard.
The ships are bearing at 3-1-0 mark 2-1-5. Distance: three light years.
Can you locate them?
I can't leave. I'm already there remember?
You're right. I'll need help.  Guinan will you come back with me? Together we could-
What makes you think things will be any different this time?
I know exactly where I want to go and when. Back to that mountaintop on Veridian III before Soran put out the star. I have to stop him.
I told you time has no meaning here. If you leave you can go anywhere any time.
I don't understand.
Yes where would you go?
Why would you want to leave?
Guinan can I leave the Nexus?
Yeah. They're great aren't they? You can go back and see them born go forward and see your grandchildren. Time has no meaning here.
These are my children...my children.
Wherever he wanted to be.
Where is he now?
When the Enterprise-B beamed us off the Lakul we were partially in the Nexus. The transporters locked on to us but somehow everyone left a part of themselves behind.
Left behind?
Guinan what are you doing here? I thought you were on the Enterprise.
Enjoy them Jean-Luc.
But I never had a wife children a home like this.
For you. This is where you wanted to be.
This is the Nexus?
You're in the Nexus.
Guinan what's going on? Where am I?
But why destroy a star?  Thank you Guinan.
Soran may still be obsessed with getting back. And if he is he'll do anything to find that doorway again.
It took a long time but eventually I learned to live with it. And I began to realize that my experience in the Nexus had changed me.  I knew things about people about events about time.
I can't remember very much - what it looked like or how long I was there. But I do remember how it felt.
What happened to you?
That ribbon isn't just some random energy phenomenon travelling through space. It's a doorway. It leads to another place- the Nexus. It doesn't exist in our universe and it doesn't play by the same rules either.
Soran doesn't care about power or weapons. All he cares about is getting back to the Nexus.
Guinan. It's important that you tell me what you know. We think Soran's developed a weapon...a terrible weapon. It might give him enough power to-
Oh yes. I remember everyone who was on the Lakul every face. Even the ones who didn't make it.
Do you remember him?
Risk is part of the game if you want to sit in that chair.
What about the gravimetric distortions? They'll tear us apart.
It won't be installed until Tuesday.  Ensign Sulu try generating a subspace field around the ships. That might break them free.
You left spacedock without a tractor beam?
We don't have a tractor beam.
Please I insist.
No no. Thank you.
Prepare to leave spacedock. Aft thrusters ahead one quarter port and starboard at station keeping.  Captain Kirk I'd be honored if you would give the order to get underway.
Oh of course.
Excuse me gentlemen if you'll take your seats.
Please please.
Well may we have a look around?
It's our pleasure.
I'm Captain John Harriman. I'd like to welcome you all aboard.
Least I could do for a captain of the Enterprise.
Yes.  Thank you.
Did we do it? Did we make a difference?
I'll find a way to contact the Enterprise. You're going to be all right.
Of course if Spock were here he'd say I was being an irrational illogical human for wanting to go on a mission like that.
You could say that.
I take it the odds are against us and the situation is grim?
That's right.
How can I argue with the captain of the Enterprise? What was the name of that planet=8A Veridian III?
I hadn't planned on it.
Close to retirement?
That's right.
Captain of the Enterprise huh?
She's not real either is she? Nothing here is. Nothing here matters.
This is my uncle's barn in Iowa.
No no it's not. It's better.
I don't need to be lectured by you. I was out saving the galaxy when your grandfather was still in diapers. And frankly I think the galaxy owes me one  I was like you once- so worried about duty and obligations that I couldn't see anything past this uniform. And in the end what did it get me? Nothing. Not this time.
You're a Starfleet officer and you have a duty to-
You said history considers me dead. Who am I to argue with history?
Temporal nexus yeah I heard you.  Something's missing.
Not exactly. As I said this is some kind of-
So you're telling me this is the 24th-century and I'm dead?
I'm from what you would consider the future; the 24th-century.
This clock I gave this clock to Bones.
Yes yes it is.
Beautiful day isn't it?
Captain I don't know how much longer I can hold her together!
I always do.
Keep her together until I get back.
Where are the deflector relays?
Captain it may be possible to simulate a torpedo blast using a resonance burst from the main deflector dish.
Load torpedo bays prepare to fire on my command.
A photon torpedo?
An anti-matter discharge directly ahead=8A it might disrupt the field long enough for us to break away.
I thought you might.
But I do have a theory...
There's just no way to disrupt a gravimetric field of this magnitude!
The first thing you learn as captain is how to cheat death.  Scotty?
Phasing? To where?
Their life signs are are phasing in and out of our space-time continuum.
It's like you always said- if something's important enough you make the time.
Sulu. When did he find the time for a family?
And what would that be sir?
You know Scotty it amazes me.
When I retired I swore I'd never set foot on a starship again and I meant it.
What do you mean you're not going? We promised.
I'm not going  Scotty help me with this chute.
I've warned ye about that back of yours. You should have a doctor take a look at it.
I told you everything. You might as well just kill me right now.
We learn something new about ourselves every day.  Now. Maybe I didn't make myself clear. It is very important that you tell me exactly what Captain Picard knows.
No I didn't know that.
I just stopped your heart for five seconds. It felt like an eternity didn't it? Did you know that you can stop the human heart for up to ten minutes before the onset of brain damage?
Yeah they're full of great ideas.
Oh I forgot to tell you. While you were unconscious I injected a nano-probe into your bloodstream. It's been navigating your cardiovascular system and right now I've attached it to your left ventricle.  A little trick I picked up from the Borg.
Guinan? I don't know what you're talking about.
What about Guinan? What has she told you about me?
Let's try to move beyond the usual prisoner-interrogator banter shall we? You have information and I need it.  Did the Captain explain his orders to you? Did he say why you were searching for trilithium?
I was ordered to by the Captain.
I don't want a science lecture. You were on that observatory looking for trilithium. Why?
What do you want?
Normal is what everyone else is and what you are not.
What's normal?
A remarkable piece of equipment but a little inelegant wouldn't you say?  Have you ever considered a prosthesis that would make you look a little more...normal?
You may still. Somehow I doubt this will be the last ship to carry the name Enterprise.
I always thought I'd have a crack at this chair one day.
Too big. How long until the ribbon arrives?
That's a pretty big margin of error.
They're just trying to decide whether a twenty year-old Klingon Bird of Prey is any match for the Federation flagship.
Maybe they're not out there.
How is that possible?
A quantum implosion has occurred within the Amargosa star. All nuclearfusion is breaking down.
No. Thank you.
Sir is there anything wrong?
Understood. That will be all.
There is something else Captain. One of the scientists a Doctor Soranhas insisted on speaking with you.  I told him you were busy sir but he said it was absolutely imperative that he speak with you right away.
Thank you Number One.
Is there a problem?
You want me to contact Starfleet?
Hmm  Inform Starfleet Command. This could indicate a new Romulan threat in this sector.
We think they were looking for something- they practically tore the place apart.
There's still no indication of why they attacked the station?
Make it so.
Bad food brutal discipline.  No women.
Imagine what it was like Will. No engines no computers just the wind the sea and the stars to guide you.
Aye aye sir.  Take the wheel Commander.
Well now that we're all aboard=8A  Number One bring the ship before the wind.  Let's see what's out there.
When we went to ancient Rome for Deanna's promotion we threw her to the lions remember?
Don't you think you're taking this a little too far Number One?
Mr. Data scan the planet for lifeforms.
Or perhaps they're on the surface.
There's nothing selfish about pursuing your own life your own career.
My brother had shouldered that burden allowing me to pursue my own selfish needs.
You felt it was no longer your responsibility to carry on the family line.
Ever since I was a little boy I remember hearing about the family line. The Picards that fought at Trafalgar the Picards that settled the first Martian colony. When my brother married and had a son...
Your family history is very important to you isn't it?
In a way he was as close as I ever came to having a child of my own.
It's only natural to feel a heightened sense of tragedy when a child dies.  But it goes deeper than that doesn't it? I can sense that Rene meant a great deal to you.
What I can't get out of my mind is the image of Rene- my nephew. I just can't believe he's gone.
Captain Im sorry.  I know there were a lot of unresolved conflicts between you and your brother.
All right all right. You've made your point.
Well with all due respect to your Betazoid senses I prefer to be alone right now.
You can't fool an empath Captain. I know exactly when I'm needed.
As ship's counselor it's your duty to know not only when you're needed but also when you're not.
I'm afraid I can't just leave it at that. The commanding officer of this ship is clearly distraught about something. As ship's counselor it's my duty to-
Well I appreciate your concern but I'd rather not discuss it right now thank you.
Actually I'm here to see if there's anything I can do for you.
Counselor. What can I do for you?
Yes. Fine. If you'll excuse me.
Captain are you all right?
Careful Captain. That's a fifty gigawatt forcefield. I wouldn't want to see you get hurt.
Time has no meaning there. The predator has no teeth.
What if I told you I found a new truth?
We're all mortal Soran. It's one of the truths of ou existence.
Not if it means killing over two hundred million people.  I wonder did your wife Leandra know that she married a man who was capable of mass murder?
I've spent eighty years looking for another way Captain. This is the only one.  Of course you could always come with me. You fancy yourself an explorer. Here's a chance to explore something no human has ever experienced.
The only possible reason you're here is because you're not entirely confident you can shoot down my probe after all. So you've come to dissuade me from my horrific plan.  Good luck.
The thought had crossed my mind.
You must think I'm quite the madman.
We're doing the best we can. Now if you'll excuse me...
The timing is very important on my experiment- if it is not completed within the next twelve hours years of research will be lost.
Doctor we're still conducting an investigation into the attack. Once we've completed our work we'll be happy to allow you and your fellow scientists back aboard the observatory. Until then-
Yes. I need to return to the observatory immediately. I must continue a critical experiment I was running on the Amargosa star.
Nothing for me.  I understand there's something urgent you need to discuss with me.
Yes yes Captain. Thank you for coming.
Doctor Soran?
We're only going to get one shot at this. Target their primary reactor. With any luck their warp core should implode.
Worf prepare a spread of photon torpedoes. We'll have to hit them the instant they begin to cloak.
Right. And they'll be vulnerable for at least two seconds.  Datalock onto that plasma coil.
As their cloak begins to engage their shields will drop.
I do not see how. The plasma coil is part of their cloaking device.
Plasma coils...is there any way we can use that to our advantage?
It is a Class D-12 Bird of Prey. They were retired from service because of defective plasma coils.
Lock phasers and return fire!
They have found a way to penetrate our shields.
Lursa and B'Etor? This doesn't make any sense. A renowned stellar physicist somehow uses a trilithium probe to destroy a star kidnaps Geordi and escapes with a pair of Klingon renegades. Why? What the hell's going on?
I have spoken to the Klingon High Council sir. They identified the Bird of Prey as belonging to the Duras sisters.
The star's going to collapse in a matter of minutes.
Sensor records show a solar probe was launched from the observatory a few moments ago.
Have Geordi and Data go over with the next Away Team. Tell them to scan the observatory for trilithium.
Why were they looking for it on a Federation observatory? It doesn't make any sense.
An experimental compound the Romulans have been working on. In theory a trilithium-based explosive would be thousands of times more powerful than an anti-matter weapon. But they never found a way to stabilize it.
Trilithium?
One of the dead Romulans had a tricorder. We analyzed its sensor logs and found they were scanning for signature particles of a compound called trilithium.
Well that narrows it to Klingon Breen or Romulan.
These blast patterns are consistent with Type III disruptors.
There are no other ships in the system.
It looks like we're too late.
You see the top yardarm now look to the-
The royal...studs?
Transwarp at your command Sir!
If he tries to get away with Warp Drive he's really in for a shock...
Tractor beam aye!
And we are gaining... Stand by tractor beam!
Enterprise maintaining full impulse power...
Incredible machine. Helmsman one-quarter impulse power.
All automates ready and functioning. Automatic moorings retracted. All speeds available through transwarp drive.
Soon Captain... Quite soon.  
What's going on? When do we get paid off...?
Sure - whatever games you wanna play.
Put me on the hailing frequency.
Don't give me your Klingon mumbo- jumbo -- there ain't another vessel in this whole damn quadrant.
He has been here for some time. I can feel his presence.
Steady... Steady boys. Keep scanning...  I thought you people were reliable... Where the hell is he!
Sir the shields... Non- responsive.
Short range scan Mr. Chekov... On screen Mr. Sulu.
Nothing on my scanner sir.
Could be Grissom.  Patch in the hailing frequency.  U.S.S. Grissom this is Enterprise calling. Come in please.
For an instant... A scout class vessel.
What did you see Chekov?
I'd swear something was there sir but I might have imagined it.
Bones... Can you give me a quadrant bi-scan?
Still no response sir.
Keep trying Chekov. At regular intervals.
Admiral there is no response from the Grissom on any channel.
What's Grissom up to?... Will they join us or fire on us...?  Chekov break radio  silence. Send my compliments to Captain Esteban.
Nothing. As before.
Sir Starfleet calling Grissom again. A warning about us.
You did great Bones... Just great.
Mr. Scott we need everything you've got now.
Excelsior closing to 4000 meters sir.
No reply Chekov... Continue on course...
Sir. Commander Starfleet on emergency channel. He orders you to surrender this vessel.
Calm yourself Bones.
Message acknowledged. All units will be informed.
Unit two this is One. The Kobayashi Maru has set sail for the promised land. Acknowledge.
Yes. He has a long journey ahead.
Shall I alert Dr. McCoy?
I can't get an answer. Starfleet is up to its brass in galactic conference. No one has time for those who only stand... and wait.
Will we get another ship?
Yes sir I sealed the room myself. Nevertheless -- I am reading a life form there.
Mr. Chekov I ordered Spock's quarters sealed!
Mr. Chekov -- ?
Surge from astern sir. Aft quarter!
Sir... Something's jamming our transmission. An energy surge.
Wait a minute...! We don't know what we're talking about here...
Do you wish to advise Starfleet sir?
Dr. Marcus it's your planet.
Aye sir coding now.
Thank you... <u>Sir</u>!
All right -- get your gear. I'll put you down next time around.
Not from here no.
Why don't we beam it up?
What is it?
I don't believe it...
In code to STARFLEET... Captain's Spock's tube located intact on Genesis surface. Will relay more data on subsequent orbits.
It has to be. Gravitational fields were in flux... It must have soft landed...!
Could it be Spock's?
I'm sorry sir. Just don't surrender. Genesis doesn't work! I can't believe they'll kill us for it --
David I don't understand...
I went wrong.
David!... What went wrong?
It's okay -- I should have known you'd come... Saavik's right: this planet is unstable. It's going to destroy itself in a matter of hours.
David... Sorry I'm late.
Hello sir. It's David.
No!... I'll do it.  Give me your phaser.
Whoever they are they're getting closer.
I still don't...
Pon Farr. Vulcan males must endure it every seventh year of their adult life.
I don't understand.
It will be hardest on Spock. Soon he will feel the burning of his Vulcan blood.
Days... Maybe hours... Protomatter has made the situation unpredictable.  I'm sorry.
... How long?
The Genesis wave started a life clock ticking for him and the planet. But at the rate things are going now...
And Spock with it. They are joined together.
This planet is aging in surges.
And how many have paid the price for your impatience? How many have died? How much damage have you done... And what is yet to come?
If I hadn't it might have been years -- or never!
So like your father you changed the rules...
My mother knew nothing about it. That's why I asked her to leave Genesis in my hands.
Did your collaborator know?
It was the only way to solve certain problems --
Protomatter. An unstable substance which every ethical scientist in the galaxy has denounced as dangerously unpredictable.
I used protomatter in the Genesis matrix.
Not exactly.
It's time for total truth between us.  This planet is not what you intended or hoped for is it?
I have already made one transmission too many...
Why don't you just call for <u>help</u>!
That may be difficult...
How can you be logical at a time like this?! We have to get thee hell off this planet!
Logic indicates that is the case.
You mean we're stranded down here?!
It would seem that Grissom was destroyed by an enemy attack.
Saavik... My god what happened to them?
Grissom your message acknowledged. Will advise... Out.
Later. Let's go...
Spock's burial robe.
What is it?
But... How could they have evolved so quickly...?
Well. There's your life form reading. These were microbes on the tube's surface. We shot them here from Enterprise.  They were fruitful and multiplied.
.          .. Spock's tube...
We're not here to investigate geological aging we're here to find life forms!
My readings indicate great instability.
I'll handle that later.
Saavik to Grissom. Request computer study of soil samples for geological aging.
... Or <u>who</u>.
Captain please -- we'll take the risk. We've <u>got</u> to find out what it is...
Cross referenced and verified. An unidentifiable life form reading.
There <u>shouldn't</u> be any. Only plant forms were built into the Genesis matrix.
... Radiation residual... Level is minimal...
Check for trace radiation. Infrared enhancement.
As before... Metallic mass... Verifying triminium photon tube... No new data.
Short range scan.
New orbit commencing... Coming up on sector three...
A photon tube...!
Approximately two meters long... Cylindrical in form...
There's only one thing it could be... Short range scan.
Negative on surface... A manufactured object.
Underground deposit?
Same sector. Metallic mass.
It's a little early to celebrate.
You must be very proud of what you and your mother have created.
All the varieties of land and weather known to Earth within a few hours walk!
... Fascinating.
It's snow. Snow in the same sector. Fantastic!
Sector three... Sub-tropical vegetation... Temperature --  Temperature decreasing rapidly --
Sector two... Indicating desert terrain. Minimal vegetation temperature thirty-nine point four.
Like your father... so human.  All units functional recorders are on... Scanning sector one. Foliage in fully developed state of growth. Temperature twenty- two point two Celsius.
This is where the fun begins Saavik!
We are under attack! Stand by for evasive -- stand by for --
Captain what's happening?!
I know but -- let's do it by the book. Stand by on this channel.  Go.
I'm sure Starfleet would approve sir.
Well all the same I'm going to advise Starfleet and get instructions.
None that I can detect sir.
Saavik... Does Dr. Marcus think there could be -- any chance of -- ah -- radioactive contamination?
Request permission to beam aboard immediately.
Ah Saavik that's ah extroadinary. What would you ah like to do next?
Yes Saavik go ahead...
Captain this is Saavik. Come in please...
Do you have an explanation?
We concur Saavik. And Saavik... be advised we are reading a severe and unnatural age curve on the planet. I'm getting nervous...
Captain this is Saavik. We have strong life sign readings bearing zero-one-five relative and we are proceeding to investigate.
I'll try to remember that Captain.
Very well. Exercise caution Lieutenant. This landing is Captain's discretion and I'm the one who's out on a limb.
Affirmative Captain. Our readings are well below danger level.
Grissom to landing party. We have you approaching radioactive indications. Do you concur?
Captain... the logical alternative is obvious... beaming down to the surface is permitted...
You said there wouldn't be any.
If equipment is functioning properly indications are -- an animal life form.
Bones help Spock! Everyone else find a station!
Just him sir!
How many more?
They've knocked out the damn automation center.  I've got no control over anything!
What's wrong?
Oh God sir I dinna think so...
I'm all right -- stand by to return fire! Mr. Scott transfer power to the phaser banks --
Precautionary Mr. Chekov. Shields up...
Aye those two hits should stop a horse let alone a bird.
Good shooting Scotty.
Mr. Scott: two photon torpedoes at the ready. Sight on the center of the mass.
Mr. Scott all power to the weapons systems --
Scan for vessels in pursuit!
Aye sir she's got her second wind now.
The <u>doors</u> Mr. Scott!
Steady... Steady... All right Mr. Scott.
Gentlemen... may the wind be at our backs. Stations please!
I'd be grateful Admiral if you'd give the word.
Thank you Mr. Scott. I'll try not to take that personally.  My friends... I can't ask you to go any further. Dr. McCoy and I have to do this. The rest of you do not.
As promised she's all yours sir. All systems automated and ready. A chimpanzee and two trainees could run her.
Come come Scotty. Young minds. Fresh ideas.  Be tolerant.
I'm sorry sir but as far as I'm concerned there's nothin' needed for space travel that this old girl doesn't already have.
Mr. Scott...
Your reputation is secure Scotty.  Mr. Sulu take the con. I'll be in my quarters.
Certainly sir. How else can I keep my reputation as a miracle worker?
Mr. Scott. Have you always multiplied your repair estimates by a factor of four?
Eight weeks sir.  But you don't have eight weeks so I'll do it for ya in two.
Your timing is excellent Mr. Scott. You've fixed the barn door after the horse has come home. How much refit time till we can take her out again?
I'm almost done sir. You'll be fully automated by the time we dock.
Much is at stake...
. He will remain always as he is.
And if they don't.? What will Happen to Spock?
Or less. What you describe is called Fal Tor Pan - the refusion. It is very dangerous. The elders may not choose to attempt it.
But we have Spock alive! That's more than we bargained for!
The Katra ritual is meant to deposit Spock's consciousness in the Hall of Ancient Thought - not in his body.
What? What are you saying?
Yes Admiral. But that may not be possible.
Goodbye David.
The Genesis planet is gone.
Only one thing Sir... Get him off this planet... His aging is part of what's going on around us...
Is there <U>anything</U> we can do?!
He gave his life to save us. That is all I know.
What happened...?
He is not himself -- but he lives. He is subject to rapid aging -- like this unstable planet.
This Vulcan -- is he alive?
Yes he is. And someone else. Vulcan scientist of your acquaintance.
Saavik... Is... David with you?
Admiral this is Lieutenant Saavik.
You saved the ship Spock. You saved us all. Don't you remember?!
The ship... Out of danger...?
Yes yes Spock...
Because... the needs of the one outweighed the needs of the many.
Why would you do this...?
You would have done the same for me.
My father says you have been my friend... You came back for me.
Yes. And I know you.
I know you... Do I not?
It's been a while sir. Here we go... Retrothrusters!
Mr. Sulu you're on manual.
Saavik. Send to Ambassador Sarek. Tell him we're coming in.
The planet Vulcan. In hailing distance sir.
Best speed to Vulcan. Mr. Chekov take the prisoners below.
We are clear and free to navigate.
If I read this right sir we have full power.
Close... There --
What about surface life signs...?
Sir planet core readings unstable... Changing rapidly...
With some on the planet...
About a dozen officers and men.
Mr. Sulu what is the crew complement of a Bird of Prey?
Fire Mr. Scott!
Klingon Bird of Prey sir! She's arming torpedoes...!
Red alert Mr. Scott.
... A cloaking device?
Yes. Enough energy to hide a ship wouldn't you say?
I think it's an energy form sir...
That distortion is closing rapidly... Opinion Sulu?
Yes sir. It's getting larger as we close in.
See! That shimmering area.
What about Grissom Mr. Chekov?
We are secured from Warp Speed... Now entering Genesis Sector of Mutara Quadrant.
Can we hold speed Mr. Scott?
Estimating Genesis 2.9 hours present speed.
Mr. Scott: as good as your word.
Excelsior the great experiment is adrift in space.
Aye sir Warp Speed...
Warp Speed Mr. Sulu...
FULL IMPULSE POWER!
... We have cleared Spacedoors.
I'll need it Sulu.
Count on our help sir.
The word is no.  I am therefore going anyway.
The word sir?
She's to be decommissioned.
... Admiral what's going to happen to Enterprise?
Very well.  Mr. Chekov I need pre-approach scan... Take the science station please.
On course Admiral. Estimating Spacedock in two point one hours.
Will you be able to handle that...?
Yes Admiral. Step into my parlor.
Good evening Commander. Everything ready?
Gentlemen. Good evening.
That's the good news. He's home in bed full of tranquilizers and he promised me he'd <U>stay</U> there... They say it's exhaustion...  We'll see.
How is Doctor McCoy sir?
My friends the great experiment: Excelsior ready for trial runs...
Would you look at that?
Approach control... this is Enterprise. Ready for docking maneuver.
Standby automatic approach system ... Advise approach control.
Hmm.. Very odd.  Scotty. Progress report?
No sir no response.
Uhura any response from Starfleet on our Project Genesis inquiries?
You're right.  Thanks for the drink.
Of course... Now take my suggestion enjoy your leave -- and let all this tension blow away.
Yes... I hear you.  I just had to try.
Then let me speak to the Council! Harry <U>please</U>! I can <U>make</U> them understand!!
Out of the question! The Council has ordered that no one but the science team goes to Genesis!
Then I'll find a ship -- I'll hire a ship.
No Jim! Enterprise would never stand the pounding.
As surely as if it were my own!  Harry give me back the Enterprise! With Scotty's help...
Harry you don't have to believe! I'm not even sure I believe. But if there's even a chance that Spock has an eternal soul -- then that is my responsibility.
Now wait a minute! This business about Spock  and McCoy... Honestly I have never understood Vulcan mysticism -- I'm sorry! But part of me doesn't want you to make a fool of yourself... Understand?
Don't quote rules Harry! We're talking about loyalty. And sacrifice. One man who died for us another who has deep emotional damage --
Jim... You are my best officer and if I had a best friend you'd be that too. But I am Commander Starfleet so I don't break rules!
Jim in your absence Genesis has become a galactic controversy... Until the Federation Council makes policy you are all under orders not to discuss with anyone your knowledge of Genesis... Consider it a quarantined planet. And a forbidden subject.
May I ask why...?
That's out of the question. No one is going to Genesis!
Why -- a natural desire to help finish the work we began!
Genesis?! Whatever for?
But we had requested -- we were hoping to take her back to Genesis...
Jim the Enterprise is twenty years old. We think her day is over...
Admiral I don't understand. The Enterprise --
Ah too bad... Well... You have all done remarkable service under the most -- difficult of conditions. You'll be receiving Starfleet's highest commendations and more importantly extended shore leaves.
Indisposed sir.
Where's Doctor McCoy?
Welcome home Jim.
Welcome aboard Admiral.
Don't be a fool -- give me your hand!
Give me your hand and we both live.
Perfect! That's the way it shall be!... <U>Give me Genesis</U>!
If we don't help each other we'll all die here!
Yes. Exhilarating isn't it!
You fool -- look around you! This planet is destroying itself!
Give me what I want -- and I'll consider it...
Beam the Vulcan up -- And we talk.
Genesis I want it.
Because you wish it.  
You should take the Vulcan too.
Maltz. Prisoners are at beam coordinates. Standby...
No tricks. I'm looking forward to meeting you. Kirk out.
No tricks Kirk. You have one minute.
Commander Klingon vessel. Stand by to board this ship on my next signal.
All right damn you! All right!  Give me a minute to inform my crew.
There are two more prisoners Admiral. Do you want them killed too?  Surrender your vessel!
Wait! Give me a chance --
Admiral your young friend is mistaken. I meant what I said. And now to show my intentions are sincere... I am going to kill one of the prisoners.
David?... David!
Who I am is not important. That I have them is.  I will let you speak to them.
Who is this?! How dare you --
Do not lecture me about treaty violations. The Federation in creating an ultimate weapon has become a gang of Intergalactic criminals. It is not I who will surrender it is you.  On the planet below I have three prisoners from the team who developed your doomsday weapon. If you do not surrender immediately I will execute them one at a time as enemies of galactic peace.
Torpedoes coming in -- !
Report status!
I say again: Grissom this is Enterprise. Admiral Kirk calling Captain Esteban or Lieutenant Saavik. Come in!
If I hadn't tried the cost would have been my soul.
But at what cost? Your ship... Your son.
What I have done I had to do.
I am not sure. Only time will answer.  Kirk. I thank you. What you have done is --
What about Spock?
You will find a way Kirk. If you honor them both you <U>must</U>.
What you ask is difficult.
You must bring them to Mount Selaya -- on Vulcan. Only there is the passage possible. Only there can both find peace...
What must I do?
One alive one not. Yet both in pain.
Sarek!... What if he melded with someone else?!
Yes... But -- how...?
Please wait!... Surely he would have found a way! If there was so much at stake -- Spock would have found a way!
I see... and I understand.  Then everything that he was... Everything that he knew... is lost. And when I return home empty-handed many shall mourn.
But he couldn't touch me...! We were separated!
Forgive me. It is not here. I assumed he had mind-melded with you. It is the Vulcan way when the body's end is near.
... No...! ` Kirk bathed with sweat suddenly shudders in pain. Sarek opens his eyes removes his hands. He touches Kirk with gentleness as Jim recovers opens his eyes.
I have been... and always shall be... your friend. Live long... and prosper!
... Spock...
... Or the one.
... The needs of the few...
... The needs of the many outweigh...
He asked you not to grieve...
... He spoke of your friendship.
Of course...!
Kirk I must have your thoughts. May I join your mind?
Then how --
He would not have spoken of it openly.
Sir. Your son meant more to me than you can know. I'd have given my life if it would have saved his. You must believe me when I tell you that he made no request of me!
Because he asked you to! He entrusted you with his very essence -- with everything was not of the body. He asked you to bring him to us -- and to bring that which he gave you: his Katra. His living spirit.
But -- why?
Then you must know that you should have come with him to Vulcan.
Yes I was...
Then you know how bravely your son met his death.
Spare me your human platitudes Kirk. I have been to your Government. I have seen the Genesis information and your own report.
Sarek... I would have come to Vulcan... to express my deepest sympathies...
I will speak with you alone Kirk.
Ambassador I -- I had no idea you were here...  I think you know my crew...
<U>We are Klingons</U>! Once you control the ship I will transfer my flag there. And we will take Genesis from their own memory banks!
They outnumber us my Lord --
I give two minutes. For you and your gallant crew.  Take every last man: form a boarding party armed heavily!
I trust my instincts.  Admiral Kirk. This is your opponent speaking.
How can you tell that?
They know we would die first.
Perhaps they wish to take you prisoner.
Why haven't they finished us?... They outgun me ten to one; they have four hundred in crew to my handful yet they sit there.
Good.  This is the turn of luck I have been waiting for.
We are cloaked. Enemy closing on impulse power. Range 5000 Kellicams.
But sir! Federation Starship approaching.
I ordered no interruptions.
I only meant my lord that if it's prisoners you want --  There are life signs on the planet. Perhaps the very scientists you seek.
Say the wrong thing Torg and I will kill you too!
Sir may I suggest --
Success my lord.
Understood my lord.
Share this with no one.
Great power... to control... dominate... destroy. If it works.
So!  Speak!
Our mission is over. I have failed... A human has been bolder and more ruthless than I...  That -- is the real dishonor.
But surely our mission has not failed -- ?
They are useless! It was Kirk I needed. And I let him slip away.
We still have the prisoners sir. Perhaps their information --
Killing his son was <U>stupid</U>! It made Kirk willing to die.
Sir may I --
I underestimated him... He did the one thing I didn't anticipate ... He destroyed himself...
My Lord... what are your orders?
Put him on screen!  Study him well.
My Lord enemy commander wishes a truce to confer.
500 Kellicams!
Wait!... Wait...
1000 Kellicams closing!
Firing range sir.
Steady. Continue on impulse power.
Range: 3000 Kellicams.
Yes my lord!
I'll be in my quarters. Execute course to the Federation Boundary.
This isn't reality. This is fantasy.
The <u>closet</u>?! Have you lost all sense of reality?
I am going to do nothing about it. <u>You</u> are going to sit in the closet.
Well -- what are we going to do about it?!
But it's damn irregular. No destination orders no encoded i.d...
Good for you Lieutenant.
Commander these are some of the most famous people in Starfleet! Admiral Kirk my God!
You know what they say Lieutenant. Careful what you wish for: you may get it.
Well maybe that's okay for someone like you whose career is winding down. But me: I need some challenge in my life. Some adventure... Even just a surprise or two.
Peace and quiet appeals to me Lieutenant.
A twenty year space veteran yet you ask for the worst duty station in town. I mean look at this place: the hind end of space.
How is that...?
You amaze me Commander.
I'm afraid I can't stop to discuss this logically --
You're not going in there -- !
But as you are so fond of observing Doctor I'm not human.
Are you out of your Vulcan mind? No human can tolerate the radiation loose in there!
Would you like to tell me whose are the <u>right</u> hands my cold-blooded friend? Are you in favor of these experiments?
I don't dispute that in the wrong hands --
Not anymore! Now you can do both at the same time! According to myth the earth was created in six days. Watch out: here comes Genesis; we'll do it for you in six minutes --
I was not attempting to evaluate its moral implications Doctor. As a matter of cosmic history it has always been easier to destroy than to create --
It's new -- have you any idea what you're saying?
It would destroy such life in favor of its new matrix --
But dear Lord are we intelligent enough to -- Suppose this thing were used where life already exists?
Young. I feel young Doctor.
You okay Jim? How do you feel?
I'm taking this bunch to sick bay.
Hours instead of days Saavik; now we have minutes instead of hours --
We each face death every day we're alive Saavik.
And almost got tossed out of the Academy...
Lieutenant you are looking at the only Starfleet cadet who ever beat the no-win scenario --
It's like the Garden of Eden...
Now that's what I call a meal.
Our first order of business is survival.
How can you think of food at a time like this?
Do you have anything to eat? I don't know about anyone else but I'm starved.
Then this will be your big chance to get away from it all.
But what if they went -- nowhere?
Where <u>they</u> went. Saavik.
Go? <u>Where</u> are we going?
This one looks like a Steward. They're not warm but rigor hasn't set in. This didn't happen all that long ago Jim.
They even killed the galley chief.
I can spare me...
He's BEEN there and hasn't found what he wants. Can you spare someone? There may be people hurt.
Khan could be down there!
I got beat. We're only alive because I knew something about these ships that he didn't.
There may still be time... you gave as good as you got.
At the moment that question takes a back seat to preventing him from laying his hands on it. You said it yourself; we're talking about a bang that would re-arrange the universe...
Doctors lose patients sometimes. Damn. I'm <u>still</u> in the dark: How'd he know about Genesis?
Computer. Request security procedure and access to Project Genesis Summary.
I've got the sick bay ready. Will someone please tell me what is going on?
As a physician you of all people should appreciate the danger of re-opening old wounds.
It never rains but when it pours --
The inspection will continue once we're underway Doctor.
What about the rest of the inspection Admiral?
Shore leave Admiral.
I'm your doctor and I'm your friend Jim. Get back your command. Get it back before you really do grow old. Before you turn into part of this collection.
Don't mince words Bones; tell me what you really think.
From yourself Admiral.
And who am I hiding from?
Bull. You're hiding -- hiding behind the rules and regulations --
Spare me your notions of poetry please. We all have our assigned duties and...
What DO you want? Damn it why isn't there a girl here? You know this has nothing to do with age. This is about you flying a goddamn computer console when you wanna be out hopping Galaxies.
Bones I don't want to be lectured.
Damn it Jim what the hell's the matter? Other people have birthdays. Why're we treating yours like a funeral?
Say thank you.
Amazing! I don't know what to say --
Slide them down your nose. Now look at me over the top. And you read printed matter through the bottom.
Exactly. Happy birthday.
But I'm allergic to Retlax.
For your eyes. For most patients of your age I generally administer Retlax Five to restore flexibility of the lens.
Uh -- what are they?
Four hundred years old. You don't find many with the lens still intact.
Cheers. Bones these are... charming.
More antiques for your collection -- Cheers!
I'm almost afraid to. What did you bring me contraband Klingon --
Takes the stuff a while to ferment. Gimme.
Twenty-two eighty-three...
I only use it for medicinal purposes. Don't be a pring...
Romulan Ale! Bones you know this stuff is illegal --
'Beware Romulans bearing gifts.' Happy Birthday...
Bless me doctor; and what beams you into this neck of the woods?
They'll learn. Galloping about the cosmos is a game for the young doctor.
Wouldn't it be easier to put an experienced crew back on the ship?
I'm not a drama critic.
That's all you have to say?
Physician heal thyself.
I'm sorry you feel that way Doctor. Admiral Kirk's orders are confirmed. Please prepare to deliver Genesis to us upon our arrival. Reliant out.
This is completely improper Commander Chekov. I have no intention of allowing Reliant or any other unauthorized personnel access to our work or materials.
I have my orders.
But Genesis is a civilian project under my control --
The order comes from Starfleet command Dr. Marcus direct from the General Staff.
<u>Will you please be quiet</u>!  Commander Chekov this is completely irregular. Who gave the order you are quoting? Who gave the order?
We have received new orders. Upon our arrival at Regula I all materials of Project Genesis will be transferred to this ship for immediate testing at Ceti Alpha VI.
I still don't under --
All went well. Nothing has happened. Ceti Alpha VI has checked out.
En route? Why? We weren't expecting you for another three months. Has something happened?  <u>Has something happened</u>? Do you read us?
Dr. Marcus... good. We're en route to you and should be there in three days.
Commander we are receiving. This is Regula I. Go ahead.
... come in please. This is Reliant calling Regula I. Repeat. This is USS Reliant --
Something Spock was trying to tell me. On my birthday.
Is that a poem?
It is a far far better thing I do than I have ever done before... a far better resting place I go to than I have ever known...
The matrix formed in a day. The life forms grew later -- at a wildly accelerated rate. Can I cook or can't I?
You did this -- in a day?!
How can you ask me that? Were we together? Where we going to be? You had your world and I had mine. I wanted him in mine not chasing through the universe with his father.
Why? Why didn't you tell me?
David was right wasn't he? It's just to keep them busy.
Stage One of our experiments was conducted in the labora- tory. Stage Two of the series will be attempted in a lifeless underground; Stage Three will involve the process on a plane- tary scale. What follows is a computer projected simulation of Stage Three. Please watch closely.
Jim please --
... Please help us Jim... won't let them have... without proper... repeat... on whose authority...
What order? Who's taking Genesis?
... see you but can't hear. Did you... order...?
Taking Genesis? Who? Who is taking Genesis?
... taking Genesis away from us...
Repeat... what's wrong? What's wrong?
... Can't read you... repeat...
Message breaking up Carol. What's wrong? What's wrong?
Jim... read me? Can you read me?
This is just to give us something to do isn't it?  Come on.
David. Please.
But we can't just sit here -- !
This? It took the Starfleet corps of engineers ten months in space suits to tunnel out all this. What we did in there -- we did in a day. David why don't you show Dr. McCoy and the Lieutenant our idea of food.
I don't understand. Who's responsible for all this? Who is Khan?
So are we it looks like.
You do that and you'll have murdered your father.
Go back. I'm going to kill him.
Mother go back!
Starfleet has kept the peace for a hundred years I cannot and will not subscribe to your interpretation of this event.
I've tried to warn you. Scientists are always pawns of the military --
Mistake? We're all alone here. They waited until everyone was on shift-leave to do this. Reliant is supposed to be at our disposal not vice-versa.
Will you please be quiet! We must have order here.  This has to be some sort of mistake.
I don't think there's another piece of information we could squeeze into the memory banks. Next time we'll design a bigger one.
Does that about do it?
Every time we have dealings with Starfleet I get nervous.  We're dealing with something that COULD be perverted into a dreadful weapon. Remember that overgrown boy scout you used to hang out with? That's exactly the --
Par for the course... you teaming up with me for bridge after dinner?
Thanks a lot. No respect from my offspring --
Well don't have kittens. Genesis is going to work. They'll remember  you in a wreath with Newton Einstein Surak...
I know I know...
Come on Mother that's just the military mentality. Never put off tomorrow what you can put off today. If there's one atom of life...
And bored. I know. But maybe it IS something they can...
How can you let them pull that stuff on you? They're just lazy.
Marooned on Ceti Alpha V. He's completely mad Admiral. He blames you for the death of his wife...
He left us.  We were no longer of use. SAAVIK Where is  the Reliant crew? Dead?
What do you want with us? I demand --
A criminal Captain -- a product of the late 20th Century genetic engineering --
Never mind! Hurry!
But the child --
What's the matter -- ?
<u>Botany Bay</u> -- oh no!
I told you! I told you I saw a --
There's an air-lock.
I saw it -- !
You're crazy -- !
I can hardly see --
Captain this is the garden spot of Ceti Alpha VI --
Are you sure these are the coordinates?
You know what she'll say...
All right let's get on the Comm-pic to Doctor Marcus. Maybe it's something we can transplant.
I suppose it <u>could</u> be a particle of preanimate matter caught in the matrix...
Damn! Are you sure? Maybe the scanner's out of adjustment --
We've picked up a minor energy flux reading on one dyno scanner.
Don't tell me you've got something.
You realize sir that they will attempt to contact Admiral Kirk and confirm the order.
Well done Commander.
I see. Helmsman?
To Doctor Marcus the civilian director of the experiments on Space Laboratory Regula I.
Then to whom do you report directly regarding Genesis?
I would think so sir. He's on the Fleet General Staff.
Umm. And would Admiral Kirk have access to such information?
Beyond what I told you sir it is classified information.
There is some pain at first I am told and then the effects are quite benign -- until the end. That was what I learned from watching my wife.
Khan listen to me! Captain Kirk was only doing his duty! You --
And I'll wager he never told you about his shipmate the beautiful and courageous Lieutenant McGiver who gave up everything to join me in exile. OUT OF LOVE. And see how <u>Admiral Kirk</u> requited her devotion -- She's dead as earth!
Captain Kirk was your host! You repaid his hospitality by trying to steal his ship and murder him.
<u>This is Ceti Alpha V</u>! Ceti Alpha VI exploded six months after we were left here. The shock shifted the orbit of <u>this</u> planet and everything was laid waste. <u>Admiral</u> Kirk never bothered to check on our progress. It was only the fact of my genetically engineered intellect that enabled us to survive! On earth two hundred years ago I was a prince with power over millions -- now like Prometheus I have been left by Admiral Kirk to digest my own entrails.
You lie! On Ceti Alpha V there was life a fair chance to --
Mainly.  And also that I'm proud -- very proud -- to be your son.
Is that what you came here to say?
I was wrong about you. And <u>I'm</u> sorry.
I am truly sorry.
So am I. My friends were killed too.
I'm trying David.
But good words. That's where ideas begin. Maybe you should listen to them.
It was just words.
You knew enough to tell Saavik that how we face death is at least as important as how we face life --
Not like this -- no. I haven't faced death I cheated death. I tricked my way out of death and patted myself on the back for my ingenuity. I know nothing.
That makes two of us.  Lieutenant Saavik was right: you never have faced death --
I didn't expect anything.
No. I -- I guess I'm not what you expected.
I suppose I was.  I poured a drink. Would you like it?
Are you running away from me?
Uh no...  I should be on the bridge.
I don't mean to intrude.
We'll beam aboard and stop it --
We encoded four minutes --
How soon --
He's on a build up to detonation!
It's the Genesis Wave!
We appear to have plenty of time.
It's a long story.
She's making it up! My father was Professor --
Why didn't you tell me?
I'm Doctor Marcus!
Where's Dr. Marcus --
<u>We were still there</u> you dumb bastard! We could hear the screams all the way to the transporter room --
I'm Admiral Kirk...
I don't know.
What are <u>you</u> looking at?
Oh I believe it.
Don't you believe it.
The Admiral's son.
What are you looking at?
Only half of you would get there.
Let go -- he can't -- !
I shall avenge you --
Yours... is... the superior...
Raise the shields...
Inoperative.
<u>Full power damn you</u>!
No sir! We have Genesis -- Whatever you want --
We'll lose them if they go in there.
Departing dark side Regula.
Warp drive still inoperative. All other systems should be restored shortly.
Sir we must!  We must repair the damage. Enterprise will wait; she's not going anywhere.
We can't fire sir; they've damaged the photon controls and the warp drive. We must withdraw!
At them! At them! FIRE! FIRE! Why can't you?
<u>Where's the over-ride</u>??
They won't --
Raise them --
Sir -- our shields are dropping!
Locking phasers on target.
Careful: Not all at once. <u>The</u> <u>engine room</u>. Lock on target and prepare to fire.
Of course. We're one big happy fleet. Ah Kirk my old friend do you know the Klingon proverb that tells us revenge is a dish that is best served cold?  It is very cold in space.
They're still running with shields down.
Let them eat static.
They're requesting visual communications sir.
It's not much different from Enterprise.  When I was a guest aboard her some years ago Captain Kirk kindly allowed me to memorize her technical manuals. And now Mr. Chekov let us review: You say you have no details of Project 'Genesis' ?
Steady on course. All systems normal.
Goodbye Admiral. Oh and don't count on Enterprise. She can't move. My next act will be to blow her out of the heavens.
Perhaps I no longer need to try.
Still 'old friend.' You've managed to kill just about everyone else but like a poor marksman you keep missing the target.
Kirk! Kirk you are still alive -- my old friend...
Here it comes. Now Spock.
Time's up Admiral...
I take your point. Stand by to receive our transmission.
I've given you no word to keep Admiral. In my judgment you simply have no alternative.
Khan how do I know you'll keep your word?
... to prevent an enemy from doing just what we're attempting; using <u>our</u> console to tap in a message an order to lower Reliant's damn shields...
Thirty seconds...
I give you sixty seconds Admiral.
Give me some time to recall the data on our computers --
Don't play with me Kirk my hand is on the phaser control --
Genesis what's that?
That is a most intriguing offer. Typical I must say of your sterling character. Let me think.
Khan listen to me -- if its me you want I'll have myself beamed aboard. All I ask is that you spare my crew.
-- But I wanted you to know first who it was who had beaten you: I Khan Noonian Singh the eagle you attempted to cage forever.
Surely I have made my meaning plain. I mean to avenge myself upon you Admiral. I've deprived your ship of power and when I swing round I mean to deprive you of your life --
What is the meaning of this attack? Where is the crew of the Reliant?
You still remember Admiral. I cannot help but be touched. Of course I remember you.
First things first Captain. Kill Admiral Kirk.
All is well sir. You have the coordinates to beam up Genesis...
Captain... We're waiting. What's the delay?
Admiral? He didn't tell you how <u>Admiral</u> Kirk sent seventy of us into exile on this barren sand heap with only the contents of these cargo bays to sustain us?
I've never even met Admiral Kirk --
Save your strength Captain these people have sworn to live and die at my command two hundred years before you were born. Do you mean he...  ... never told you the tale? To amuse you Captain? Never told you how the <u>Enterprise</u> picked up the <u>Botany Bay</u> lost in space from the year 1996 myself and the ship's company in cryogenic freeze?
Listen to me -- you men and women --
You are in a position to demand nothing sir. I on the other hand am in a position to grant nothing. What you see is all that remains of the ship's company and the crew of the <u>Botany Bay</u> marooned here fifteen years ago by Captain James T. Kirk.
Chekov who is this man?
I don't know you. But you. I never forget a face. Mister Chekov isn't it?  I never thought to see your face again.
Uhura send to Commander Reliant: prepare to be boarded.
I'll need ten minutes sir 'til the radiation dissipates.
I'm going down to the station.
Just barely sir.
A few shots sir.
We don't have minutes. Can you give me phaser power?
Just the batteries sir. I can have auxiliary power in a few minutes --
Scotty -- what's left?
We'll be going to warp speed --
An emergency situation has arisen. By order of Starfleet Command as of now 1800 hours I am assuming command of this vessel. Duty officer so note in the ship's log. Plot a new course: for Space Laboratory Regula I.  Mr. Scott?
We'll beam aboard. Alert transporter room --
Enterprise to Reliant: you are ordered to surrender your vessel. Respond!  Nothing sir.
I say again. This is Enterprise. Please acknowledge signal. Please --
Saavik for God's sake tell her we're all right.
Sensors Captain?
... No response sir.
Do it while we have time.
Scotty let's have it.
Mr. Scott on discrete.
I'm getting a voice message... wait ... short range band. They say their Chambers coil is shorting their COMM system.
Picture Mr. Saavik.
Enterprise to Reliant. Come in Reliant.
Try the emergency channels...
She's not responding...
I'm trying sir. Stand by...
Uhura. Can't you augment?
He'll die -- !
No sir! You'll flood the whole compartment...!
All right we'll do the job with auxiliary power.
Admiral I've got to take the mains off the line. The energizer's shaken loose and I can't get in there to fix her -- radiation --
No promises Mr. Scott. On your way.
The energizer's bypassed like a Christmas tree -- so don't give me too many bumps.
He wants to kill me for passing sentence on him 14 years ago -- and he doesn't care who stands between him and his vengeance.
<u>WHY</u>?
Mr. Scott the word is given.
Give the word Admiral.
Every young boy's fancy. I seem to remember it myself.  Very well. Mr. Scott are your engines capable of handling a minor training cruise?
My sister's youngest Admiral. Crazy to get to space.
Midshipman you're a tiger.
Oh? A wee bout of what Mr. Scott?
I had me a wee bout -- but Dr. McCoy pulled me through.
Mr. Scott you old space dog. You're well?
Right on schedule Admiral. Just give us your coordinates and we'll beam you aboard.
Spock this is Kirk. It's two hours. Are you about ready?
Not at present.
Meaning you can't even beam us back?
I read you Captain. Let's have it.
Admiral if we go by the book like Lieutenant Saavik hours could seem like days.
Kirk to Enterprise. Damage report Spock?
Best speed to Regula I. Kirk out. Scotty I've got to ask: Any chance of getting the mains back on the line?
Engine room reports auxiliary power restored. We can proceed at impulse power.
Admiral this is Spock.
If he hadn't we'd be space by now.
The word is given: warp speed.
Is the word given?
Oh no sir! This is the finest engine room in the whole Star --
Oh do you? Have you any idea Midshipman Preston how many times I've had to listen to Mr. Scott on the Comm telling me his troubles? Have you any idea the ribbing I've had to endure in the officers' mess to the effect that the Enterprise is a flying death trap?
I believe you'll find everything shipshape Admiral.
I see. Well shall we start with the engine room?
Your first training voyage Mr. Preston?
Midshipman First Class Peter Preston engineers mate SIR.
And who is this?
I have been -- and always will be -- your friend... Live. Long. And. Prosper.
I never took the <u>Kobayashi Maru</u> test -- until now. What do you think of my solution?
Or the one.
... the good of the few...
The ship -- out of danger?
He's intelligent but not experienced. His pattern indicates two dimensional thinking...
He won't break off now. If he followed me this far he'll be back. But from where...?
Sporadic energy readings port side aft. Could be an impulse turn.
Uhura patch me in --
Admiral they're reducing speed.
Steady as you go...
Estimating nebula penetration in two minutes. Reliant is closing.
Best speed Scotty...
I think we can guarantee she'll follow us Mr. Saavik. Remind me to explain to you the concept of human ego.
Scotty can we make it inside?
She can out-run us and out-gun us. But there is the Mutara Nebula at 153 mark four.
Best we could do in two hours.
Not much Admiral. We have partial main power...
What IS working around here?
Be careful Jim...
Establish a parking orbit around the station and send me a complete damage report when you've talked with Mr. Scott.
All right join the party. Mr. Spock the ship is yours.
Engine room... Scotty do we have enough power for the transporters?
A distinct possibility.
Reliant could be hiding behind that rock.
... Blind as a Tiberian Bat. What do you make of the plantoid beyond?
Affirmative Admiral.
And no way of knowing if Reliant is still in the area...
Scanners and sensors still inoperative. There's no way to tell what's  inside the station.
Wait for my signal Spock -- too soon and he'll have time to figure it out and raise them again.
Let's hope he hasn't changed the combination. He's quite intelligent...
The prefix code is 16309. All commands from each Starship bridge are relayed electronically; each ship has its own prefix combination code...
You've got to learn WHY things work on a Starship.  It's coming through now Khan...
It's all we've got.
The prefix code?
At least we know he hasn't got it. Just keep nodding as though I'm giving orders. Saavik punch up the data charts of Reliant's command console -- hurry...
Admiral you can't give him Genesis...
Who the <u>hell</u> are they?
Not enough against their shields.
Too late --
Visual!  Mr. Sulu divert everything to the phasers --
One thing is certain; we cannot escape on auxiliary power.
WHO? Who knew just where to hit us? And <u>why</u>?
They knew just where to hit us.
Raise shields! Energize phasers stand by to --
Their coil emissions are normal... Wait: their shields are going up. They're locking phasers -- !
It would explain a great many things --
Is it possible their COMM system has failed -- ?
Chekov's on Reliant isn't he?
What's she doing here?
Really Dr. McCoy; you cannot ban the acquisition of knowledge because you distrust the moral implications of what you learn. Logic suggests --
Gentlemen this isn't --
The tape was made a year ago. I can only assume they've reached Phase Two by now --
Have they proceeded with their experiments?
The power of creation --
It literally is Genesis...
Carol Marcus --
It might help my analysis if I knew what Genesis was.
Give up Genesis she said. What in God's name does that mean? Give it up to whom?
Twelve hours and forty-three minutes present speed.
There are two possibilities sir they are unwilling to respond they are unable to respond.
I'd best talk with Mr. Scott first so that he may in his own words explain the situation to his cadets.
Will you accompany me to the bridge?
Or the one.
That is wise. In any case were I to invoke logic logic clearly dictates that the needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few.
I would not presume to debate you.
I was going to remind you of nothing least of all that which you know well.  Your mistake if I may be so bold was promotion. Commanding a Starship is your first best destiny. Anything else is a waste of material.
You are going to remind me that logic alone dictates your actions.
You proceed from a false assumption. I am a Vulcan. I have no ego to bruise.
But it may be nothing; garbled communications. Why don't you...
Excuse my presumption but I do not agree. As a teacher on a training mission I am content to command a Starship. If we are to go on actual duty it is clear that the senior officer aboard must assume command.
That won't be necessary: just take me to Regula I.
Like all living beings Admiral each according to his gifts. The ship is yours.
I told Starfleet all we had was a boatload of children but we're the only ship in the quadrant. Spock: those cadets of yours -- how good are they? How will they respond under real pressure?
Regula I is a scientific research laboratory if memory serves...
Something may be wrong at Regula I. We've been ordered to investigate.
To be sure Captain.
There's a first time for everything Admiral.
Yes we've been through death and life together.
Welcome aboard Admiral. I believe you know my trainee crew. Certainly they have come to know you.
Permission to come aboard Captain?
The Enterprise. I must check in before your inspection. And you?
Hrummm... and where are you off to now?
None of which I am consciously aware -- except of course happy birthday -- surely the best of times.
'It was the best of times it was the worst of times...' Message Spock?
I know of your fondness for antiques.
Than you. Yes I see that. By the way thank you for this.
She's half Romulan Jim. The admixture makes her more volatile than -- me for example.
So you said at the time. Speaking of which your protg's first rare -- a trifle emotional --
Yours was not a solution which would have occurred to a Vulcan mentality.
It had the virtue of never having been tried.
The <u>Kobayshi Maru</u> scenario frequently wreaks havoc with students and equipment.  As I recall you took the test three times yourself. Your final solution was shall we say unique?
They destroyed the simulator room and you with it.
I am understandably curious.
I assume you are loitering here to learn what efficiency rating I plan to give your cadets.
Uhura if you don't hear from us there won't be anybody behind. Kirk out.  You gentleman can remain here or...
Sir -- we won't leave you behind...!
Captain Spock if you do not hear from us within <u>one hour</u> your orders are to restore what power you can take the Enterprise to the nearest Star Base and alert Starfleet command when you are out of jamming range.
Damn. Alert Starfleet Headquarters. I want to talk with Starfleet Command.
Transmission jammed at the source sir.
Uhura! What's happening? Damn it...
In my quarters Uhura.
I have an urgent CommPic from Space Lab Regula I for the Admiral. Dr. Carol Marcus.
Yes well why don't you show him around and...
Good I believe you already know my uh son --
Aye sir. On course to Ceti Alpha. All is well.
As you were Mr. Saavik.
Admiral on the bridge!
Dismiss the company.
Understood sir.
I'll be in my quarters if needed but I would prefer...
After you dismiss the company you will take the watch. Set course for Ceti Alpha V and we'll pick up survivors.
Distance from Reliant...
Three minutes thirty seconds.
Engine room! What's happening?!
Two minutes ten seconds.
Time from my mark...
Saavik get us out best speed!
Mr. Scott can you get the mains back on line?
Power levels quite low sir.
Cease fire. Look sharp.
Descend ten thousand meters. Stand by photon torpedoes.
All stop sir.
Mr. Saavik all stop.
Hold your course. Look sharp...
They just don't want us going in there.
That was close --
'... no uncoded messages on an open channel...'
Regulation 46-A: 'If transmissions are being monitored during battle...'
Come come Lieutenant you of all people go by the book. Hello Spock. You remember Dr. Marcus...
But the damage report -- we were immobilized...
Then -- you never faced that situation -- faced death...
I changed the conditions of the test. I received a commendation for original thinking.  I don't like to lose.
<u>WHAT</u>?
I reprogrammed the simulation so it was possible to rescue the ship.
On the test sir will you tell me what you did? I'd really like to know.
Are you asking me if we are playing out that scenario now Lieutenant?
The <u>Kobayashi Maru</u> sir.
What's on your mind Lieutenant?
As your teacher Mr. Spock is fond of saying: I like to think there always are possibilities.
Stage Two of what?
If Stage Two was completed it was underground -- she said it was going to be underground.
It doesn't make sense. These coordinates are well within Regula -- a plantoid we know to be lifeless and airless.
That's true Admiral. All the memory cells have been emptied.
Phasers on stun. Move out.
Indeterminate life signs.
There is no such regulation.
Begging the Admiral's pardon: General Order 15: 'No  flag officer shall beam into a hazardous area without armed escort.'
We're finding it.  Please <u>please</u> -- you've got to give us time -- the bridge is smashed computers inoperative...
On screen...
Reliant's command...
Energize defense fields.
This is damned peculiar.  Yellow alert.
Take the test again.
We learn by doing Lieutenant.
Humor... that is a difficult concept ... it is not logical...
That was a little joke.
You may ask Lieutenant.
May I ask how <u>you</u> dealt with the test?
There is no correct resolution. It is a test of character.
I failed to resolve the situation.
You're bothered by your performance on the <u>Kobayashi Maru</u>.
I did not think so.
You earned it.
I wish to thank you for the high efficiency rating.
Lieutenant self-expression does not seem to be one of your problems.
May I speak sir?
It is still regulation Admiral.
Lieutenant are you wearing your hair differently?
Then you have something new to think about. Carry on.
As I indicated Admiral that thought had not occurred to me.
How we deal with death is at least as important as how we deal with life wouldn't you say?
... No sir. It has not.
A no-win situation is a possibility every commander may face. Has that never occurred to you?
Because... there was no way to win.
And why not?
I don't believe this was a fair test of my command capabilities.
Permission to speak candidly sir?
Well Mr. Saavik are you going to stay with the sinking ship?
Prayer Mr. Saavik. The Klingons do not take prisoners.  Captain.
Any suggestions Admiral?
Best guess Mr. Sulu. Fire when ready.
Phaser lock inoperative sir.
Battle stations.
Admiral on the bridge --
Approaching Regula and Space Lab Regula I.
<u>I did nothing</u> -- except get caught with my britches down. I must be senile. Mr. Saavik you just keep right on quoting regulations. Meantime let's find out what the hell is going on and see how bad we've been --
Sir you did it.
Phasers locked...
Mr. Sulu lock phasers on target and await my command...
I can't get power sir!
Trying sir!
Mr. Sulu... The shields!
Reliant in our section this quadrant sir and slowing --
Engage warp engines --
Course plotted for Regula I Admiral...
Stop engines.
Stop engines.
You've earned it. But I'm still grateful to have you at the helm for three weeks. I don't believe these kids can steer.
Thank you sir. I've looked forward to this for a long time.
I cut your new orders personally. By the end of the month you'll have your first command: USS EXCELSIOR.
I am delighted; any chance to go aboard Enterprise however briefly is always an excuse for nostalgia.
I really must thank you.
Honors -- hup!
We commend the soul of our brother departed. We love we commit his body to the depths of space.
Prepare for warp speed.
Course heading Captain?
We are clear and free to navigate.
Aft thrusters sir.
Aft thrusters Mr. Sulu.
I'll try Captain.
We're over our heads. Mr. Sulu get us out of here.
Inform the Klingons we are on a rescue mission...
Shields activated!
... Now entering the Neutral Zone...
I'm aware of my responsibilities Mister.
May I remind the Captain that if a Starship enters the zone --
Aye Captain.
Project parabolic course to avoid entering Neutral Zone.
Leaving Section Fourteen for Section Fifteen.
I exaggerated.
By the book...
Certainly...
Lieutenant the Admiral is aware of the Regulations.
Sir may I quote General Order 12: 'On the approach of any vessel when communications have not been est --
Take her out Mr. Saavik.
Lieutenant how many times have you piloted a Starship out of Spacedock?
Thank you Mr. Saavik.
All moorings are clear Captain.
Very well Mr. Saavik clear all moorings.
We can't all be perfect Saavik. You must control your prejudices and remember that as a Vulcan as well as a Romulan you are forever a stranger in an alien land. Around you are humans and as a member of the Starfleet you are unlikely ever to escape their presence or their influence. You must learn to tolerance in addition to all else I have taught you. Tolerance is logical.
He's very human.
What did you expect Lieutenant?
He's not what I expected Sir.
No power to the weapons system sir.
Fire all phasers...!
... They do indeed.
Humans make illogical decisions...
Then you stand here alive because of a mistake -- made by your flawed feeling human friends. They have sacrificed their futures because they believed that the good of the <u>one</u> -- you -- was more important to them.
I would accept that as an axiom.
Spock. Does the good of the many outweigh the good of the one...?
I do this because I was there
You do this -- for friendship?
To Earth. To offer testimony.
Where must you go?
As you wish since you deem them of value. But I cannot wait here to find them.
Spock... The retraining of your mind has been in the Vulcan way so you may not understand feelings. But as my son you have them. They will surface.
The question is irrelevant.
You are half human. The Computer knows that.
I do not understand the final question...
You -- sent them away. Without even letting me say goodbye?
Why don't I?
Not at all. You gave me things to think about. You always do. You do sound a little wrecked why don't you go home and stare at the ceiling?
Sorry if I spoke out of turn.
I don't know about you but my compassion for someone is not limited to my estimate of their intelligence.  I mean whales may not have painted the Mona Lisa or invented the dirt bike but they didn't ravish the land either.
And finally they're not human beings you know. Their intelligence has in no way been proven comparable to ours --
I know. I feel the same thing. But we're between a rock and a hard place. We can't keep them without risking their lives and we can't let them go without a taking the same chance.
Bob... it's tearing me apart.
Don't tell me fish stories kiddo. I've known you too long.
Fine. Just fine.
How're you doing?
Just a couple of kooks...
Heard there was some excitement.
A moment alone please.
No!  No... What did you have in mind...?
He never jokes... Perhaps the professor could use your computer.
Indeed... May I offer you gentlemen anything?
Back home we call him the miracle worker.
Well so much for the tour of our humble plant. I must say Professor your knowledge of engineering is most impressive.
I tried to clear things up Professor Scott. I explained you'd come all the way from Edinburgh on appointment to study manufacturing methods here at Plexico but they don't seem to know anything about it.
Professor Scott I'm Dr. Nichols plant manager. I'm terribly sorry but there's been an awful mix-up Would you believe I was never told about your visit?
Not me Bones... They did it.
Congratulations Jim. I think you've saved the Earth.
Pavel can you hear me? Give me your name and rank...
He's coming 'round Jim...
Come on Pavel...
Wake up man wake up!
Tearing of the middle meningeal artery...
An experimental device doctor.
What did you say she was getting?
What do you think Spock?
Jim you've got to let me go in there! Don't leave him in the hands of Twentieth Century medicine.
Captain Spock and I will attempt to trace these whale songs to their source.
Let's hope so Bones. Mr. Sulu set us down in Golden Gate Park.
It doesn't look all that different.
If you have a better idea - now's the time.
That's crazy!
-- That's the general idea.
I prefer a dose of common sense. you are proposing to head backwards in time find Humpback Whales then bring them forward in time drop them off - and hope they tell this Probe what to do with itself!
Would you prefer to do nothing?
Sure slingshot around the Sun. If you pick up enough speed you're in time warp. If you don't you fry..
We've done it before.
You're really going to try this time travel in this rust bucket?
Spock start your computations for time warp.  Come on Bones. Let's pay Scotty a visit.
Now wait just a damn minute.
No way -- somebody has to keep an eye on him!
Bones stay here.
Dammit Jim they've made him into a goddam green-blooded computer!
Mr. Sulu... Take us home...
Are you sure?  That's what I thought.
It'll come back to him.
I mean <u>him</u> back at his post like nothing happened. I don't know if you'd got the whole picture but he isn't exactly working on all thrusters.
What do you mean?
You sure this is such a bright idea?
I just wish we could cloak the stench.
We could learn a thing or two from this flea trap. It has a cloaking device that cost us a lot.
You'd think they could at least send a ship. Bad enough to be court marshaled and spend the rest of our lives mining borite -- but to come home in this Klingon flea trap...
You're saying... It is a compliment.
... I don't think he understands...
Well nobody's perfect...
Guess Spock. Your best guess.
... Best shot...?
Well you're gonna have to take your best shot.
Acceleration is no longer a constant.
Naturally.  So what is your problem?
Your perception is correct Doctor... In order to return us to the exact moment at which we left the 23rd Century I have used our journey back through time as a referent calculating the coefficient of elapsed time in relation to the acceleration curve.
You ah...  You present the appearance of a man with a problem.
Hamlet Act I scene 4.
Angels and ministers of grace defend us.
That is what I said Doctor.
You just said there aren't any except on Earth of the past.
... My God...
10 million years earlier. Humpbacks were heavily hunted by Man. They have been extinct since the 21st Century... It is possible that an alien intelligence sent the probe to determine why they lost contact.
That's crazy! Who would send a probe hundreds of light years to talk to a whale?
Specifically Humpback Whales.
I liked him better before he died.
There are millions of other species on Earth Doctor. Only human arrogance would assume the message was meant for man.
Most unusual. An unknown form of energy of great intelligence and power. I find it illogical that its intentions are hostile...
Pardon me Doctor I am hearing many calls of distress.
You mean I have to die to discuss your insights on death?
A joke is a story with a humorous climax.
You're joking...!
It would be impossible to discuss the subject without a common frame of reference.
Spock it's me Bones! I mean our experience was unique. You really have gone where no man has gone before. Can't you tell me what it felt like?
I did not have time on Vulcan to review the Philosophical disciplines.
Forget it...  How 'bout covering a little philosophical ground? Life Death Life... Things of that nature?
... My shoes...
Umm. Well just wanted to say -- nice to have your katra back in your head not mine.  I mean I may have carried your soul but I sure couldn't fill your shoes.
Uhura is busy. I am monitoring.
Hi... Busy?
My God man drilling holes in his head is not the answer. The artery must be repaired without delay or he will die! So put away your butcher knives and let me save the patient!
A simple evacuation of the expanding epidural hematoma will relieve the pressure.
Fundoscopic examination is unrevealing in these cases!
Fundoscopic examination --
How do you explain slowing pulse low respiratory rate and coma?
What's your degree in dentistry?
Reading the patient's vital signs.
What the hell do you think you're doing?
I was not informed about observers.
We're just -- observing.
Who are you? Doctor Adams was supposed to assist me.
We're out of control -- Rig for collision...
Captain... All systems have failed... We are functioning on reserve power only.
Damage report!
Negative. It's impacting on all our systems!
Can you isolate the wave?
Captain their call is being carried on an amplification wave of enormous power!
What's causing that!?
Depends on how much shielding is between us and the reactor.
It gives me a great sense of danger. We have to beam in next to the reactor room not in it.
... It gives me a great sense of history.
I have the coordinates of the reactor...
Team leader this is team 2.   Come in please...
I'm wery sorry but --
Go ahead. Stun me.
I varn you. If you don't lie on the floor I vill have to stun you.
Okay... Make nice and give us the ray gun.
I am? May I go now?
You play games with me and you're through
I do not know your name.
No <u>my</u> name.
The top of what?
All right. Let's take it from the top.
My name is Pavel Chekov. I am a Lt. Commander in Starfleet United Federation of Planets service number 656-5827b.
Like who you really are and what you're doing here and what this thing is.
All right Commander you wanna tell us anything?
Mr. Sulu switch to manual control!
The mains are down sir! Aux power is not responding.
Stabilize Energy Reserve!... Report helm:
Cloaking device is stable... All systems normal.
Understood. What is your plan?
And Admiral it's the Enterprise.
Ah well done team 2.
Dr. McCoy you Mr. Scott and Commander Sulu will convert us a whale tank.
Sir heat shields at maximum!
No choice now Scotty!
May fortune favor the foolish.  Mr. Sulu Warp Speed!
Shields aye.
Shields Mr. Chekov.
That's odd. Uhura what's on the Comm channels...?
No sir. And no Federation wessels on assigned patrol stations.
Most prudent.  Engine room. Report Scotty.
We are in an enemy wessel sir. I didn't wish to be shot down on thee way to our own funeral.
I'm impressed Mr. Chekov. A lot of effort for a short voyage.
Operational Admiral. Cloaking Device now available in all modes of flight.
We are launching everything we have.
Can you protect us?
We don't know. It's using forms of energy our best scientists do not understand...
Mr. President the Probe has passed through all quadrants. The starships Shepard and Yorktown and three smaller vessels have been neutralized.
Status report Admiral!
Is there something wrong with the one I have?
You sure you won't change your mind?
You're not one of those guys from the military are you? Trying to teach whales to retrieve torpedoes or some dipshit stuff like that?
Are you sure it isn't time for a colorful metaphor?
So you were at Berkeley.
The hell they did.
I suppose they told you that...?
They like you very much. But they are not the hell your whales.
Communicate? Communicate what? You have no right to be here!
Attempting the hell to communicate.
Whoever said the human race was logical?  Now if you'll follow me I'll introduce you to the Institute's pride and joy.
To hunt a species to extinction is not logical.
Don't worry. I'll find <u>you</u>.  See you around the galaxy...
Well I... As they say in your century -- I don't even have your phone number. How will I find you?
Why does it have to be goodbye?
You mean this is -- goodbye?
You're going to your ship I'm going to mine. Science Vessel. I've got 300 years of catch-up learning to do.
Hey! -- Where you going?!
... You have a point...
I belong here.  Suppose by some miracle you do get them through.  Who in the 23rd Century knows anything about Humpback whales?
He means our chances of getting home are not very good. You might have lived a longer life if you'd stayed where you belong.
... What does that mean?
Mr. Sulu: full power descent!
Oh my God we're too late!
You need me.
You tricked me.
Thank you. For everything.  Beam me up Scotty.
All right. The frequency is 401 megahertz.
I have no time to argue Gillian. Or even tell you how much you've meant to us... The <u>frequency</u>.
What do I care? I've got nobody but those whales...
You can't. Our next stop is the 23rd Century.
What are you talking about? I'm coming with you.
All I need is the radio frequency to track them.
Yes... If you have a chart on board I can show you.
Gillian... Would the whales be at sea by now?
Calm yourself Nurse.  Scotty get us out of here!
If we keep going up they'll catch us!
A spaceship with a missing man.
What kind of spaceship is this anyway?
They were taken last night. I wasn't told. They're in Alaska by now.
Kirk. They're gone.
We'll bring them up just like we brought you. It's called a transporter beam...
But Kirk...
It's all real. Look.  The storage tanks for the whales.
Have I flipped out? ... Is any of this real?
Steady now. We need your help.
Yes... And I'm glad you're here. Though I'll admit you picked a hellova time to drop in...
It's true... what you said...
Here... In the park?
Think about it -- but don't take too long because I'm out of time. If you change your mind this is where I'll be.
I bet you're a damn good poker player.
Lemme tell you something. I'm here to bring two humpbacks into the 23rd Century. If I have to I'll go to the open sea to get them but I'd just as soon take yours -- better for me better for you... and better for them.
So. There we are.
It wouldn't be my first choice no.
Sorry that's classified.  I don't really have a clue who you are... You wouldn't want to show me around your space ship would you?
You asked.  Now will you tell me something?  George and Gracie's transmitter. What's the frequency?
Spock don't call me Admiral. Don't you remember: you used to call me Jim... Now what's your question?
Admiral may I ask you a question?
As you observed a primitive Culture.
... Simple logic.
How do you know this...?
I think we'll find what we're looking for at the Cetacean Institute in Sausalito. Two Humpbacks called George and Gracie.
Simple logic will suffice. We need a map.  That one should do.
Well Spock thanks to your restored memory and a little bit of luck we are in the streets of San Francisco looking for a pair of humpback whales.  How do you propose to solve this minor problem?
And they will be again Spock. That's the beauty of it.  How much?
Weren't those a birthday present from Dr. McCoy?
Nuclear power was widely used in naval vessels...
Where would we find these reactors... Theoretically.
We could rig a device to collect their high energy photons safely; we could then inject the photons into the dilithium chamber causing crystalline restructure.... Theoretically.
But you said toxic.
If memory serves there was a dubious flirtation with nuclear fission reactors resulting in toxic side effects. By the beginning of the fusion era these reactors had been replaced but at this time we should be able to find some.
There is a 20th Century possibility.
Quite right Spock. Mr. Chekov engage cloaking device!
Admiral if I may: we're probably already visible to the tracking devices of the time.
Home in on the strongest signal. Descend from orbit.
Well done Mr. Spock.
Judging by the pollution content of the atmosphere I believe we have arrived at the late 20th Century.
Earth... But when?... Spock?
You've programmed that from memory...?
Availability of fuel components; Mass of the vessel through a time continuum and the probable location of Humpbacks in this case the Pacific basin.
What are the variables...?
Not with this equipment. I have had to program some of the variables from memory.
Surely you can be more specific...
The late 20th Century.
What is our target in time?
Ready to engage computer Admiral.
Uhura. Get me through to Starfleet Command.
In progress Admiral.
Mr. Spock your computations?
There is one but I cannot guarantee its success. We could attempt to find some Humpback Whales.
But we can't turn away! Is there no alternative?
That would be futile Admiral. The probe would neutralize us easily.
That leaves us no choice. We must destroy the probe before it destroys Earth.
The Humpback was indigenous to Earth. Earth of the past.
Is there any other planet where this species exists?
The sounds but not the language. We would be responding in gibberish.
Spock could the Humpback's answer to this call be simulated?
As suspected the Probe's transmissions are the songs sung by whales.
To the on-board computer room. To confirm my suspicion.
Where are you going?!
Uhura... Can you modify the Probe's signals by accounting for density temperature and salinity factors?
A distinct possibility Admiral. The President did say the transmission was directed at the Earth's Oceans
Spock -- you're suggesting the transmission is meant for life form other than man?
Well I... find that understandable  I mean you've been through a lot.  Station please.
It would be improper to refer to you as Jim while you are in command Admiral... Also I must apologize for my attire.  I seem to have misplaced my uniform.
Jim Spock Jim. Remember...?
Thank you Admiral.
Permission granted.
Permission to come aboard.
Let's see what she's got Mr. Sulu.
Ground cushion! Keep the nose up if you can --
Sir -- I've got some back pressure on manual --
Picture Uhura!
I have no control sir!
Hover on my mark Mr. Sulu! Mr. Chekov stand by de-cloaking -- Scotty ready for power build up!  Mark Mr. Sulu...
10 seconds sir!
Aye sir... Three-one-zero to the Bering Sea. E.T.A.: 12 minutes.
Wing to cruise configuration... Full impulse power.
10000 M.S.L. Admiral.
Uhura scan for the whales. 401 megahertz!
Three-one-zero aye!
Advise reaching 10000. Steer three-one-zero.
Maintaining impulse climb. Wing five by zero helm steady.
Go Mr. Sulu.
We'll divide into teams. Commanders Chekov and Uhura are assigned to the Uranium problem.
Aye sir. Descending.
Picture please.
Sir... Braking thrusters seem to have fired.
What is our condition?
... Aye sir...?
Mr. Sulu...? ... Mr. Sulu?!
Steady!!...  Now Mr. Sulu!
Hang on sir... Nine point seven... point eight... Breakaway threshold...
Mr. Sulu we need breakaway speed!
Warp Nine... Nine point two... Nine point three...
Steady as she goes...
Warp two... three...
Continue on course. Chekov any signs of Federation escort?
Estimating Planet Earth one point six hours present speed.
Weapons systems?
Guidance is functional. Onboard Computer will interface with Federation memory bank...
Out of control and blind as a bat!
I can't sir -- Nothing!
Mr. Scott -- how soon?
Unidentified aircraft 40000 feet MSL range 30 miles bearing 010.
Sir... Estimating one nautical mile.
Estimate range ship to whales!
Admiral I have a signal closing on the whales. Bearing 328 degrees.
Put them on screen!
Bearing 327 range 600 nautical.
Mercy Hospital.
Uhura!... Where!
I've found Chekov sir: he's in emergency surgery right now.
Uhura you did what was necessary.  Keep trying. You'll find him...
Nothing... I should never have left him...
Any luck...?
Everyone remember where we parked.
283 degrees... 15.2 kilometers...
We'll stick together till we get orientated. Bearing to the whales?
Right.  Now look: I want you all to be very careful. This is terra incognita. Many customs will doubtless take us by surprise. It's a forgone conclusion these people have never seen an extra-terrestrial before.
I'll have bearing and distance for you sir.
From a city? That doesn't make sense....
Individual whale song getting stronger... This is strange Admiral. The song is directly ahead. It's coming from San Francisco.
On speakers.
Admiral I am receiving whale songs.
Then this is what it would sound like underwater?
Overlapping distress calls. Some from Starships... others...
What is it?
Communications Systems ready. Communications Officer -- ready as she'll ever be.
Systems report.  Communications?
Scotty don't prejudge. A ship is a ship.
Excelsior? Why in God's name would you want that bucket of bolts?
Admiral you'll be trapped!
Go on ahead... Close the hatch!
It's under water! There's no way to reach it...
The explosive override -- ?
No power to the bay doors.
The whales...?!
On my way...!
You better get up there sir. We're having some power fall-off...
The beasties seem happy to see you Doctor. I hope you like our little aquarium.
Ironic. When man was killing these creatures he was destroying his own future...
Mr. Sulu if you please.
Full power sir.
Mr. Scott don't make jokes we are in danger of -
Stand by sir. Miracle worker at work...
Don't take too long. We're sitting ducks for their radar systems...  Mr. Sulu impulse climb.
I'll have to re-energize.
Well done Mr. Scott. How soon can we be ready for warp speed?
Admiral! There be whales here!
10 seconds Admiral; 5 - 4 - 3 - 2 - 1.
How long Scotty?
Stay with me sir -- I need more power curve...
Aye. But I've never beamed up 400 tons before.
Scotty: Are the whale tanks secure?
I'm ready Spock. Let's go find George and Gracie...
I'll try sir. Scott out.  Well now he's got himself in a bit of a snit don't he.
Not good enough Scotty. You've got to do better!
It's going slow sir. It'll be well into tomorrow.
Oh I see --  Tell Them phasers on stun. Good luck. Kirk out.
Sorry Admiral. We just thought you'll like to know we're beaming them now.
What is it? I thought I told you never to call me --
Sorry sir. We can't even do that in the 23rd Century.
I can't believe we've come this far only to be stopped by this!  Scotty is there any way dilithium can be re-crystallized?
Oh twenty-four hours give or take staying cloaked. After that Admiral we'll be visible -- and dead in the water. In any case we won't have enough to break out of the Earth's gravity to say nothing of getting back home.
Give me a round figure Mr. Scott.
They're giving out. De-crystallizing.
It takes two to tango Mr. Scott.
You'll work it out Scotty. And remember: two of them.
Admiral - how am I going to handle all that weight?
Whales Scotty. 45 to 50 feet long; about 40 tons a piece.
Humpbacked - people.?
Scotty we have to find some Humpbacks.
I suppose I can sir; are you planning to take a swim?
That should be enough. Can you enclose it to hold water?
About 60 feet Admiral.
Scotty how long is this bay?
Appreciated by all Mr. Scott.  Prepare for departure.
We're ready sir. I've converted the Dilithium Sequencer to something less primitive. And Admiral -- I've replaced the Klingon Food Packs. They was givin' me sour stomach.
Give me one more day sir. The damage control is easy. Reading Klingon is hard.
Mr. Scott how soon can we get underway?
Yes Admiral.  Sir. I have not had the opportunity to tell you about your son.  David died most bravely. He saved Spock. He saved us all... I thought you should know.
Well Saavik. I guess this is goodbye.
You will be in good hands here.
I am well Admiral.
Don't concern yourself Saavik. Your leave has been granted for good and proper cause.  How are you feeling?
And... Here is a deposition I have made. If it is not sufficient I will return to Earth to testify.
Thank you Lt. Saavik.
Admiral I'd like to continue my work on the ship until you leave.
Do you have the right to murder?
We deny nothing! We have the right to preserve our race!
Your vessel did destroy U.S.S. Grissom. Your men did kill Kirk's son. Do you deny these events?
Vulcans are well known as the intellectual puppets of the Federation!
Genesis was perfectly named: The creation of life not death. It was the Klingons who had first blood while trying to possess its secrets.
Klingon justice is a unique point of view Mr. President.
... But it would take years just to figure out the dynamics of this matrix...!
That's the ticket laddie.
Transparent aluminum?
The keyboard... How quaint.
Just use the keyboard...
Hello? Computer...?
... Are you joking?
Yes I noticed. Now suppose -- just suppose -- I could show you a way to manufacture a wall that would do the same job but was only an inch thick. would that be worth something to you eh?
That's easy: 6 inches. We carry stuff that big in stock.
Ah what else indeed? Let me put it another way: how thick would a piece of your plexiglass need to be at 60 feet by 10 feet to withstand the pressure of 18000 cubic feet of water?
Sill? What else would I be working with?
I notice you're still working with polymers.
Doctor Nichols I might have something to offer <u>you</u>.
I will. Can my assistant come too?
If you'll follow me Professor --
Well that's different.
With pleasure.
I demand to see the owners! I demand --
Professor Scott if you'll --
Don't know anything about it? I find it difficult to believe that I've come millions of miles --
Old yes. But interesting.  Do you mind if I ask a few questions...?
All right then this is old stuff to you.
Oh here and there.  I flew something similar in my Academy days.
Right on. You fly?
Hi. Huey 205 isn't it?
Tell her I feel fine...
Yes of course... Do you have any message for your mother?
They are my friends.
As I recall I opposed your enlistment in Starfleet... It is possible that judgment was incorrect.  Your associates are people of good character.
Most kind Father.
It is not an effort. You are my son.  Besides; I am most impressed with your performance in this -- crises.
It is kind of you to make this effort.
I will be returning to Vulcan within the hour... I wanted to take my leave of you.
Arigato. Sayonara.  Thank you honorable sir.
Ah sorenara mazu mazu nagaiki wo sareru to mira.  Ah... Then I am sure that you will have a long and happy life.
Sulu Hikaru.
Chotto omachi nasarei. Namae wa nanto moosareruka na.  Wait my son. What is your name?
Ah chigaau hito da. Hanashi kata ga okashii.  Yes this must be true. You talk funny.
Gomen nasarei. Hito chigai de gozaranuka na.  I'm sorry my son. You have mis- taken me for someone else.
Ojichan? Akira ojichaan dewa naino? Koko de nani shiteru no?  
Do you really think your mighty Federation would be interested in protecting six hundred people?
I'll be here.
But I have three hundred and eighteen days of vacation time coming. I plan on using them.
I thought it might begin the healing process.
Mother and son. You arranged this...?
You've brought the Federation into the middle of a blood feud Admiral. The children have returned to expel their elders... just as they were once expelled. Except Ru'afo's need for revenge has now escalated to parricide.
You're Ro'tin aren't you...? There's something in the voice.  Would you be his friend Gal'na?  I helped your mother bathe you when you were a child. She still speaks of you.
There's a cavern at the base of the next hill...
I should warn you... I've always been attracted to older women...
What's the rush?
By now the Son'a have scanned the area and know that just as well as we do.
Right beyond that ridge is where the caves begin... we can hide for days...
Roughly translated: puberty... although for a Klingon that's not doing it justice...  Any severe mood swings unusual aggressive tendencies -- be sure to let me know right away...
We can hold them off a long time... once we get there...  But they will not make it easy to get there...
There are caves in those mountains.
When we're forced away by the terrain we'll use transport inhibitors to compensate. The mountains have the highest concentrations. Once we're there transport will be virtually impossible...
For someone so young.
... an offlander?
I wonder if you're aware of the trust you endanger Jean-Luc Picard. In my experience it's unusual for...
I just... haven't gotten around to it yet.
There's one thing I don't understand.  In three hundred years...you never learned to swim?
It took us centuries to learn that it doesn't have to take centuries to learn.
I wish I could spare a few centuries to learn.
Yes. Exactly. Nothing more complicated than perception.  You explore the universe. We've discovered a single moment in time can be a universe in itself... full of powerful forces... most people aren't aware enough of the now... to ever notice them...
Seeing my home planet from space for the first time...
When time seemed to stop... and you could almost live in that moment...
A perfect moment?
You'll stop reviewing what happened yesterday... stop planning for tomorrow... until you find...  Let me ask you a question -- have you ever experienced a perfect moment in time?
More questions. Always the explorer. If you stay long enough that'll change.
An apprentice for thirty years.  We've noticed your people's mental discipline. Did that develop here?
This is a school... that's a student's work.  She'll be ready to become an apprentice soon. Then in thirty or forty years she'll take her place among the artisans...
The craftsmanship is extraordinary.
You give me more credit than I deserve. Of course I'm tempted. Who wouldn't be?  But some of the blackest marks in the history of my world have involved the forced relocation of a small group of people to satisfy the demands of a larger one. I'd like to believe we learn from our mistakes. Obviously some of us haven't.
... who wouldn't be tempted by the promise of perpetual youth? I don't think so.
In defense of offlanders there are many more like me...
You don't live up to your reputation as an offlander Picard.
There are days.
But not you.
Most of my people who live that faster pace would sell their souls to slow it down.
We've always known that to survive we had to remain apart. It hasn't been easy. Many of the young people here want to know more about the offland... they're attracted to stories of a faster pace of life...
Clearly the architects of this conspiracy have tried to keep it a secret. Not just from you but from my people as well.  I don't intend to let them.
We've... just begun to.  I suppose you're seventy-five.
There's an unusual metaphasic radiation coming from the planet's rings. It continuously regenerates the cells in our bodies. You must have noticed the effects by now.
I've been shot at... thrown into the lake out of an invisible ship that's come to abduct us all... what's there to panic about?
Don't panic...
To move you off this planet. You go to sleep one night in your village... wake up the next morning in this flying holodeck transported en masse. A week later maybe a month you've been relocated on a similar planet without ever realizing it.
Deceive us?
Data if you were following the boy and discovered this ship...
I know what a hologram is Captain. The question is -- why would someone want to create one of our village?
Then you must spend your life answering questions.
I don't like to leave questions unanswered.
I understand how you feel. We just want to retrace Data's movements that day...
Capability yes. But where can warp drive take us except away from here...?
You have warp capability?
If I were in your shoes I'd feel the same way after what happened.  The 'artificial lifeform' is a member of my crew. Apparently he became... ill...
Your directive apparently doesn't include spying on other cultures.
My people have a strict policy of non-interference with other cultures. In fact it's our Prime Directive.
It's not our custom to have guests here at all let alone hold anyone against their will.
We were under the impression they were being held against their will.
I have to go home now.
It is safer there. I will join you shortly.
No... I want to stay with you...
Tournel will take you the rest of the way...
If you want to know 'what it's like to be a child' you need to learn how to play...
No one's ever asked me that before.
Why not...?
Androids... don't have...fun.
Data... haven't you ever just played... for fun?
But I can run much faster than you... I am capable of exceeding forty-seven meters per second...
Because you're it. And if you tag me... then I'm it.
For what purpose?
No I mean...
I play the violin... and my chess routines are quite advanced...
Do machines ever play?
I would gladly accept the requirement of a bedtime in exchange for knowing what it is like to be a child.
But you've never had adults telling you what to do all the time... or bedtimes... or having to eat food you don't like...
My legs are eighty-seven-point- two centimeters. They were eighty-seven-point-two centimeters the day I was created. They will be eighty- seven-point-two centimeters the day I go off line. My operation depends on specifications that do not change.  I... cannot imagine... the experience of growing up or even tripping over my own feet...
Sometimes I do.
But they are in a constant state of growth. Do you find it difficult to adapt?  A child's specifications are never the same from one moment to the next. I am surprised that you do not... trip over your own feet.
For one thing your legs are shorter than everyone else's.
Perhaps it would surprise you to know that I have often tried to imagine what it would be like to be a child...
I can't imagine what it would be like to be a machine.
My power cells continually re- charge themselves.
Don't you ever get tired?
Perhaps that is true.
I know why.  So people like us won't be afraid of you any more.
I aspire to be more than I am.
Not everyone here agrees with him. I mean you know about machines. There was even a big fight about it once.  Do you like being a machine?
I understand.
My father told me I shouldn't talk to you.
I am better.
You're what?
There is no need for concern. I am operating within normal parameters now.
If not for Data you'd probably have been re-located by now.
The artificial lifeform was right?
To many offlanders what you have here would be more valuable than gold-pressed latinum.  And I'm afraid it's the reason that someone is trying to take this world away from you.
Won't he rust?
Data doesn't breathe.
Can he breathe under water?
Very good Doctor. Picard out.
Not at all. They're fine... in fact they're better than fine. Increased metabolism high energy improved muscle tone. We should all be so lucky.
Are they in any danger?
They all have slightly elevated levels of endorphin production... probably the result of the environmental anomalies here...
And our people?
Captain the Son'a hostages declined to be examined. I had them confined to quarters.
Safer than leaving her here.
Is it safe to move her?
She's stabilizing.
Yes. But look at this medscan...
Will he live?
They should be quarantined before joining the ship's population.
Prepare to transport the 'hostages' to the ship...
Your Captain used to cut quite a rug...
Very funny...
Sure it is. And your hair is still chestnut brown.
'Yew-cheen chef-faw'... My collar size is exactly the same as it was at the Academy.
You either need a new uniform or a new neck.
I believe it is safe sir.
Will the structure hold if we blast through?
I'm showing fresh air  behind this calcite formation Captain...
Another forty-three people reported taken sir...
Good. Let's begin to move these people out...
Captain I've activated transport inhibitors around the village...
I don't know.
Why would the Federation or the Son'a wish to move the Ba'ku?
What possible purpose could a duplicate village have except... to deceive the Ba'ku...
... it is conceivable I was shot to protect the secret of its existence.
What you're seeing is a computer driven image created by photons and forcefields...
Incomplete I might add.
'Just a few loose ends to tie up.'
It is clearly Federation in origin Captain.
How about a passive radiation scan?
Tricorder functions are limited due to heavy deposits of kelbonite in these hills...
And I do not believe I made a very good first impression.
Until this week that young man probably never saw a  machine let alone one that walks and talks...
... I am the personification of everything they have rejected.
It's nothing personal data. You have to remember these people have rejected technology. And you...
I believe the boy is... afraid... of me.
I was in an isolation suit collecting physiometric data on Ba'ku children. My last memory is going into the hills following a boy...
From the mission...
'his nose should pant and his lip should curl...'
What's the last thing you remember Data...
Yes... that looks like them.
You're aboard the Enterprise.
Captain Geordi...?
Hello Data...
If you begin the procedure while the planet is still populated the Federation will pursue you until...
I do not take orders from you.
It is over.
It is not over.
We're taking this ship out of here... this mission is over...
In six hours every living thing in this system will be dead or dying.
You're not going to launch anything until...
Picard's first officer. Do you really believe he'll listen?
I'll order Riker to turn around.
Federation support Federation procedures Federation rules... look in the mirror Admiral... the Federation is old... in the last twenty four months it's been challenged by every major power in the quadrant -- the Borg the Cardassians the Dominion... they all smell the scent of death on the Federation. That's why you've embraced our offer... because it will give your dear Federation new life. Well how badly do you want it Admiral? Because there are hard choices to be made now. If the Enterprise gets through with news about their brave Captain's valiant struggle on behalf of the defenseless Ba'ku your Federation politicians will waver your Federation opinion polls will open a public debate your Federation allies will want their say... need I go on?
That is not an acceptable option. If people get hurt all the support we have in the Federation...
Talk... we should send down an assault team and take them by force.
Take me down. Let me talk to Picard.
He's right. Our shields have been upgraded to protect against the environmental anomalies...
It isn't safe for you to remain in this area.
I know what Data means to Starfleet Jean-Luc... but our crew is at the mercy of those people on the planet...
Your android has turned dangerously violent Captain... Considerable damage was done to my ship. He must be destroyed.
I prefer to wait until we can share the benefits with all the people of the Federation...
Your self-restraint puzzles me Admiral. You continue to deny yourself every benefit this mission has to offer...
Another time.
Take us into a high orbit.  Lie down Admiral. The girls will take twenty years off your face...
Planet's population. Six hundred people. You want to avoid unnecessary risks? Next time leave your android home.
Our procedures were in place to protect the planet's population from unnecessary risk...
Your Federation procedures have made this mission ten times as difficult as it needed to be...
There's nothing further to be gained from this...
I wonder... which one of us will be facing that court-martial...
If a court-martial is the only way to tell the people of the Federation what happened here then I welcome it.
Order them to surrender and I promise you won't be court- martialed.
How many people would it take... before it becomes wrong? A thousand? Fifty thousand. A million?
We are only moving six hundred people Jean-Luc.
We are betraying the principles upon which the Federation was founded... this is an attack on the very soul of the Federation.  This will destroy the Ba'ku. Just as cultures have been destroyed in every other forced relocation throughout history.
It would take ten years of normal exposure to begin to reverse their condition. Some of them won't survive that long. Besides they don't want to live in the middle of The Briar Patch... who would?
Then the Son'a can establish a separate colony on this planet until we do...
Our best scientific minds already have. We can't find any other way to do this.
Delay the procedure. Let my people look at the technology.
The concentration in the rings is what makes the whole damned thing work. Don't ask me to explain it. I only know they inject something into the rings that starts a thermolytic reaction. After it's over the planet will be unlivable for generations.
There are metaphasic particles all over The Briar Patch. Why must this planet be...
With metaphasics lifespans will be doubled... an entire new medical science will evolve...  I understand your Chief Engineer has the use of his eyes for the first time in his life... would you take his sight away from him?
Someone probably said the same thing about the Romulans a century ago.
On Earth petroleum once turned petty thugs into world leaders. Warp drive transformed a bunch of Romulan thugs into an empire. We can handle the Son'a I'm not worried about that...
Our partners are nothing more than petty thugs.
Right. We have the planet and they have the technology -- a technology we can't duplicate. You know what that makes us? Their partners.
A planet in Federation space...
There are six hundred people down there. We'll be able to use the regenerative properties of this radiation to help billions.  The Son'a have developed a procedure to collect the metaphasic particles form the planets rings...
Who are we to decide the next course of evolution for these people?
The Prime Directive doesn't apply. These people are not indigenous to this world. They were never meant to be immortal. We'll simply be restoring their natural evolution.
How can there be an order to abandon the Prime Directive...?
I'm acting on orders form the Federation Council.
... or understand that they were participating in the outright theft of a world.  I won't let you move them Admiral. I'll go to the Federation Council...
That's why we put chromodynamic shields in place - so our people wouldn't feel the effects from the metaphasic radiation...
You're looking well Jean-Luc. Rested.
Just a few loose ends to tie up. Dougherty out.
You're not finished here?
I'll need all your paperwork tomorrow. We're heading back your way. Set a course to rendezvous with us so you can transfer the crew and equipment on your way out.
In stasis. La Forge is completing the diagnostic.
You've done a terrific job Jean- Luc. Now pack your bags and get the hell out of there. How's Data?
... and because they have warp capabilities the consequences to their society are minimal...
Good luck. Dougherty out.
Understood.
All right. You have twelve hours Captain. Then I want you out of The Briar Patch. In the meantime we'll be heading out to the perimeter to call for Son'a reinforcements in case you fail.
Sir Commander Worf and I have been working on several tactical plans to safely...
I wish I had better news. Commander Data attacked us in the mission scout ship yesterday. Ru'afo and I have decided to send in an assault team...
This was too important for the Enterprise to be on the sidelines Admiral...
Captain I wasn't expecting you.
We haven't fully identified the anomalies yet. They're calling this whole area The Briar Patch... it took us a day to reach a location where we could get a signal out to you. Just get me Data's schematics. I'll keep you informed.  Dougherty out.
What kind of concerns?
That's probably not a good idea. Your ship hasn't been fitted for this region; there are environmental concerns...
The Enterprise can be at your position in two days Admiral...
... And now he's holding our people hostage down there...
You have no idea what precipitated his behavior?
Scan for lifesigns.
The countdown control has been transferred to the collector...I can't override...
What if he doesn't realize something's happening...  Can you get me to a transmitter? I have to speak with Worf and Data on the surface... we'll need their help...
It doesn't matter where he is. As soon as he realizes something is happening he'll override my commands with one word at his com- link...
If we could lure him away from the bridge...
But I would need at least three minutes on the bridge.
Do you know how to disable the injector?
What you're asking me to do... is impossible... the crew is loyal to Ru'afo...
I'm not begging for my life. I'm begging for yours.  There is still a way home Gal'na.
Is this how a Federation officer begs for his life?
A coward... without the moral courage to stop an unspeakable atrocity. You offend me.
Thank-you for reminding me.
The shields in that section won't protect them against the thermolytic reaction...
Separate the Starfleet personnel and secure them in the aft cargo hold... see that Picard joins them...
No one hated them more than you Gal'na.  We've come a long way together. This is the moment we've planned for so many years...
Moving them is one thing. Killing them all...
Deploy the collector.
May I talk to you alone?
Admiral Dougherty will not be joining us for diner. Deploy the collector.  Do you have a problem with those orders?
We'd have to tag every one of them... that would take time... and we don't have it. The Enterprise is only nineteen hours from communications range with the Federation...
There is an alternative to an all- out assault. Isolinear tags would allow our transporters to lock on to them.
Recommendations?
They're following the kelbonite deposits... using the interference to block our transporters...
We're not waiting until morning... take the shuttles and get everyone off the surface tonight.
Sir as the Enterprise left orbit one of their support craft went down to the surface.  It appeared to be the Captain's Yacht. Five persons on board.
The injector performs perfectly in every simulation...
I'm sure. Just don't forget what they did to us.  We'll have them rounded up in a day or two... we needn't bother with the Federation holo-ship any more. Just get the holding cells ready.
No sir. But it wasn't easy... being among them...
Gallatin! So the righteous Starfleet Captain finally released you. Did you encounter any problems on the surface?
It may not last after we leave. If not I just wanted before we go...  I've never actually seen a sunrise.
... had regenerated.
Funniest thing Captain. There wasn't anything wrong with my implants. There was something right with my eyes. When Doctor Crusher removed the ocular connections she found the cells around my optic nerves...
It's nothing. I'm just tired.
Implants bothering you?
And yet he attacked us. And told the Ba'ku we were a threat...
In a sense that's all he knew. The system is designed to protect him against anyone who might try to take advantage of his memory loss.
So you're saying he still knew the difference between right and wrong.
His ethical and moral subroutines took over all of his basic functions...
All I know is that he was functioning normally until he was shot. Then his fail-safe system was activated...
Why would they fire at him without provocation?
I don't believe it happened that way.
The Son'a reports claim they didn't fire until after he malfunctioned.
By a Son'a weapon.  There's no doubt about it sir. That's what made Data malfunction.
Do you know how they were damaged?
I took these out of Data's neural net... they contain memory engrams...
When I was an ensign I could detect a three-micron mis- alignment...
The torque sensors are out of alignment... by twelve microns... you could hear that?
Do you have everything you need from command?
We're about to lose communications with Starfleet Captain.
Are they...?
They... are in opposite directions sir...
I want our guests to depart as quickly a etiquette allows. I'll ask Worf to delay his return to DS9 so he can join us. We're going to stop by sector four-four- one on our way to the Goren system.
Detonating the warp core might neutralize the cascade... but then again it might not. Subspace weapons are unpredictable. That's why they were banned.
That's your expert opinion?
You got me Commander.
Will that stop the tear?
I'll be in Engineering.
If we don't outrun them the manifolds are going to be the only thing left of this ship.
The manifold can't handle full impulse in the Patch Commander.
Full impulse.
I think it's the universal greeting when you don't like someone.
A photon torpedo.  Isn't that the universal greeting when communications are down?
Even if it doesn't they'll be teaching kids as the Academy not to do this for years to come.
If it works you mean.
I wouldn't be surprised if history remembers this as the Riker Maneuver...
The purpose being...?
Negative. I want to use the ramscoop to collect as much of it as we can...
Aye sir. Highly volatile...I recommend we keep our distance...
Eject the core.
We're pulling it like a zipper across space...
It's our only way out of here Mister Nara.
Commander if one of their weapons hits that gas...
The purpose being I intend to shove it down the Son'a's throat.
Eject the core.
The tear is closing on us... impact in fifteen seconds...
Sir they've detonated an isolytic burst... a subspace tear is forming...
I don't think they believe us.
Blow out the ramscoop. Stand by full thrusters.
They're powering their forward weapons array.
We're through running from these bastards.
We're still thirty-six minutes from transmission range sir.
Remind me to lodge a protest...
I thought subspace weapons were banned by the Khitomer Accord...
Yes we do.  You're relieved Ensign. Take over at Ops.
Cometary debris pockets of unstable metreon gas... we don't want to go in there sir...
What's inside that nebula cluster?
Eighteen minutes...
How long 'til they reach us?
Commander I'm showing two Son'a ships on an intercept course.
Top level review my ass. There'll be no cover-up of this. Not after I get...
The Council has ordered a halt to the Ba'ku relocation while they conduct a top-level review.
Fat chance. I'll post it on every monitor on the ship...
There's a short letter I left you all just some... sentimental nonsense... the computer will bring it to your attention at oh- four-hundred... I'd just as soon you delete it...
Go back to your quarters  That's an order.
You must be planning on doing some hunting.
Prepare the ship for departure at oh-seven-hundred hours.
You Klingons never do anything small do you...
We're not going anywhere.
Admiral Dougherty wants to know why we haven't left yet...
The only unusual readings were low levels of metaphasic radiation from interstellar dust across the region...
So where are the 'environmental concerns' the Admiral was talking about?
Nothing dangerous turned up in the astrometric survey...
We won't be able to go any faster than one-third impulse in that muck...
... and gorgonzolla cheese.
Commander Riker...
'Yew-cheen chef-faw.'
... so they need us to put out one more brush fire.  Anyone remember when we used to be explorers?
The Diplomatic Corps is busy with Dominion negotiations.
We can't delay the archaeological expedition to Hanoran Two. It would put us into the middle of monsoon season...
They need us to mediate some territorial dispute...
I'm afraid there's too much bitterness... on both sides.
I wish there was a way to bring them back home.
Actually I was a good deal older when we arrived... in terms of my physical condition.
You've not aged a day since then?
We came here from a solar system on the verge of self- annihilation... where technology had created weapons that threatened to destroy all life. A small group of us set off to find a new home... a home that would be isolated from the threats of other worlds.  That was three hundred and nine years ago.
As you wish. But I would ask you to disarm yourselves. This village is a sanctuary of life.
No we're here to... rescue them.
Would you like something to eat?
Jean-Luc Picard... my officers Doctor Crusher and Counselor Troi.
My name is Sojef Captain.
I understand. Tell Doctor Crusher to have a hypospray of lectrazine ready...
We're coming as fast as we can... we can't risk using phasers...
Worf you must hurry...
We're trying to get to you sir...
Yes... yes I... can hear you...
Worf to Picard...
We'll skip the court martial this time... Picard out.
I... I must have slept through my alarm. I'm on my way...
Slow to impulse. We're on our way.
Bridge to Captain Picard. We are approaching sector four-four-one.
Is there any other way to disable the injector?
Negative. He's established a security field around the control room...
Can you beam him off?
One. It's Ru'afo.
Decloak the holo-ship and engage a tractor beam Mister Worf.
All injector sub-systems are confirmed off-line.
We have to find shelter...
Isolinear tags. Their transporters can lock onto them.
Very well. We'll take an hour. Break out some rations...
The Ba'ku could use some rest sir. According to the geo-scan this may be the safest area for the next few kilometers...
Accelerated hair growth is often experienced by Klingons during Jak'tahla...
You need a haircut Commander.
No. We'll be responsible for that Mister Worf.
Should I distribute phasers to the Ba'ku sir...?
Picard to Crusher...
Doctor Crusher asked to talk to you when you returned...
No sir. It is a gorch.
Debrief them again.  Have you been in a fight Commander?
Did any of the hostages mention a cloaked ship during their debriefings?
Transferring controls to manual.
The damping sequencer was damaged by phaser fire!
I'm not letting go of him.
Sir inertial coupling is exceeding tolerance... if we don't release him he may destroy both vessels...
No sir. I haven't had a chance to meet all the new crew members since I've been back...
Do you know Gilbert and Sullivan?
Evasive maneuvers... heading one- four-zero mark three-one...
Scanners are off line!
Prepare to enter the atmosphere... we'll use the ionospheric boundary to shake him...
He's activated a transport inhibitor.
Beam him out!
Direct hit. He's resetting his shield harmonics...
Make it so.
Sir if we fire a tachyon burst it may force him to reset his shield harmonics. When he does we could beam him out...
Hmm? Oh it's just something my mother used to...
Come out come out wherever you are...
The metaphasic radiation in those rings is in a state of extreme flux. Steer clear of them Mister Worf...
He might be using the planet's rings to mask his approach.
Transmit a wide band co-variant signal. That'll get his attention.
Sensors are not picking up any ships coming from the surface...
It's good to have you back Worf.  Slow to one-third. Take us in.
I've already modified a tricorder with one of his spare actuation servos. Its operational range is only seven meters but it should shut him down...
Worf what the hell are you doing here?
They have an incredible clarity of perception Captain. I've never encountered a species with such mental discipline...
You have two days to become experts... Mister Worf your job and mine will be to find a plan to safely capture Data.
We've downloaded all the files on the duck blind mission as well as intelligence reports on the Son'a.
Better have the chef whip up a light balsamic vinaigrette... something that goes well with chrysanthemums...
Oh my God are they vegetarians? That's not in here...
Yew-cheen chef-faw... emphasis on the 'cheen' and the 'faw'...
Say the greeting again...
... Population three hundred million...
And have you noticed how your boobs have started to firm up?
All hands. Battle stations!
I never kissed you with a beard before.
On this ship anything can happen. And usually does.
What I need I can't get from Doctor Crusher...  Counselor do you think it's possible for two people to go back in time to fix a mistake they've made?
... Doctor Crusher has something that'll take care of that...
... I'm not sleeping well...
... I believe you...
Both.  I think I'm having a mid-life crisis...
You're in quite a mood today.
Or you could try lying down.
Why don't you try sitting up?
But it's comfortable.
This isn't one of the usual therapeutic postures...
Whatever makes you comfortable...
Got a minute? I... need a little counseling.  First time for everything. Do I... lie down... or what?
Come in.  Hi.
If that's true they're a dying race.
No children?
It says here that some form of genetic damage has apparently prevented the Son'a from procreating...
Was I doing something to your neck?
What you're doing to my neck...
You haven't done that in a long time...
Good question.
Why would we be involved with these people?
You're in luck... it says here they've taken women from several races as indentured servants.
Hmm I should feel right at home with them...
Nomadic collectors of precious metals jewels...
You should feel right at home with them.
Wine women and song.
What are they interested in...?
I don't see anything to suggest the Son'a have any interest in sociology...
Why was Data assigned?
The Son'a discovered an M-class planet with humanoid life six months ago. Turned out it's in us to get approval for a sociological study. The Federation Council suggested it be a joint mission...
Isolate one and re-route its command sequence through the auxiliary processor...
They must have been locked and secured after we were beamed here.
This ship is equipped with fourteen long range transporters... are they all useless...?
All ship functions are off-line.
Your scanners must be malfunctioning.
Sir I am not showing any change in metaphasic flux levels...
Exactly as the simulations predicted...
Activating injector assembly.
Initiate launch sequence.
I look forward to reading your report.
We're fine sir. It will take some... time to explain.
It's been destroyed. The Borg threat is over.  Are you all right? The Enterprise disappeared from our sensors for a moment.
Admiral... what's the status of the Borg fleet?
Mister Data set a pursuit course. Maximum warp.
Good hunting. Hayes out.
Absolutely.
The new quantum torpedoes are doing the trick Jean-Luc. We've destroyed forty-seven Borg ships so far... and only lost fifteen of our own.  But one of the Borg ships has broken through our defenses and it's heading directly for Earth. Can you handle it?
Beverly there were many reasons why you and I...
You want some advice? Don't do this again.  You know exactly what I mean.
Regardless of how I may feel about Ruby... our fates lie along different paths. Nothing can change that.
That might not be so bad... at least for you.
If they're not... we'd better get used to living in Montana.
You think they're still up there?
He was so confused by what I was doing I don't think he even noticed.  Any word from the Enterprise?
How did Doctor Almack react to that?
But I had a little help. Surgical transporter. I used it to beam out most of the bone fragments from his brain.
It was an experience. Metal scalpels... needle and thread...
You actually performed surgery...?
I'll be fine.  He's a different story.
I have to go back to the silo. Will you be all right?
That'll be interesting.
Yes. But until then you'll have to make do with what you've got.
He's stable... for now.  But it would be better if we could contact... our friends.
Let's hope so. Because if Cochrane dies... the future may die with him.
There must be some good people... even in this time.
I'm saying they might shoot us on sight. You have to remember... these people have watched their entire way of life collapse around them.
Are you saying they won't help us?
It may not be that simple. This is an extremely difficult and paranoid time in human history.
What are we waiting for? Let's go.
As I recall the town of Resurrection is about two kilometers East of here. They might have a hospital...
Jean-Luc this man needs medical attention now.
It's not the radiation... and there's nothing wrong with the combadges... the Enterprise just isn't responding.
I've stabilized him for now... but he's in a coma and he's going to need radiometric therapy. I want to take him to the ship.
It's Cochrane.
Well why didn't you just say so in the first place?
I'm afraid so. If the Borg succeed in preventing First Contact with the Vulcans... Earth will remain in the Second Dark Age... an easy target when the Borg arrive in the 24th century.
But he's been dead for three hundred...  Oh God... we've gone back in time again haven't we?
Cochrane... the inventor of warp drive?
We're here to find Zephram Cochrane. He may be injured or dead.
Go where? Hello? Is anyone going to tell me what we're doing here?
Montana? Well that answers everything. Why the hell are we --
Montana.  Energize.
I'm a little worried about some of these bone fragments. If they move any closer to the brain we could be looking at a hemorrhage.
The occipital fracture is widening... we're going to have to fuse the bones...
His automatic reflexes are fluctuating. We've got to get him on a respirator.
We have two... but we don't have the juice to run them.
Um... yeah.  Now he's going to need a respirator. Do you have one?
Is it Japanese?
At least four hours.
How long has he been unconscious?
I believe so.
Can you configure it?
The problem must lie in the interface between Starfleet and Borg technology. Your console may not be configured to handle the data flow.
Your diagnostics are in error. I need weapons.
There is a perimeter alert. A ship has entered sensor range.
And I need to control this ship. Let me into your mind.
No... no it's so... empty... please... give it back... I need it...
... is to yourself. Don't make me hurt you again...
Yes... but the Enterprise... my duty...
Isn't it better like this...?
No... no please... you cannot...
I've deactivated the sensory inputs. That flesh on your body is just meat now.
Then take the final step... give me the Enterprise... and we can be together... always.
A universe of sensation is waiting for you... don't you want to explore it... with me?
I am... grateful for what you have given me. But I still do not wish to be assimilated.
I'm your creator now.
My creator did not intend for me to experience these things.
Have you ever know a woman? Do you know what it's like to feel her breath on your face... her skin against yours... flesh against flesh?
I wish to... go back to the way I was.
You're becoming more human all the time Data. Now you're learning how to lie.
I... do not want this...
Have they given you what I have given you? Did they even try?
That is not true. They have tried to help me.
They're not your friends... they've held you back... kept you from your destiny...
No. I will not betray my friends.
What a cold description... for such a beautiful gift.
It would appear that you are attempting to graft organic skin onto my endo-skeletal structure.
Do you know what this is Data?
That's because you haven't been properly... stimulated yet.
I do not know what you are referring to.
You've taken your first step toward perfection. How does it feel?
It is impossible to imagine sensations for which I have no frame of reference.
Have you ever wondered what it's like to have flesh?
Intelligence... ambition... desire... I bring order to chaos...
You are the guiding intelligence behind the Borg...?
Today is March second 2063. The time in Montana is oh-eight-forty- five.
Mister Data I want to know the exact date and time.  Give me a damage report on that missile silo.
According to our astrometric readings... the year is 2063.
What year is it?
Contact Starfleet Command.
The vortex is collapsing sir.
Where's the Sphere?
I have helm control.
It has entered Earth orbit.  Correction -- it is not in orbit. It is heading directly toward the surface.
Go to impulse. Where's the Borg ship?
We are approaching the Terran System Captain.
Ready quantum torpedo.
The Borg ship has modified its shields Captain. Our phasers will no longer be effective.
Bring us about. Target Borg ship alpha four port side battery.
Dispersive armor is holding.
I am the beginning... the end. I am the one who is many. I am the Borg.
That is a contradiction. The Borg act as a collective consciousness. There are no individuals.
I am the Borg.
Who are you?
You are an imperfect being... created by an imperfect being. Finding your weakness is only a matter of time.
I am unlike any lifeform you have encountered before. As an android I am in complete control of my neural net. The information contained there cannot be forcibly removed.
But now... they are all one with the Borg.
I will admit... there are times when I wish I had an emotion chip I could turn on and off.
No. Human beings do not have that luxury and neither should I.
We still have to make reports on ten more crewmen killed in action. Maybe you should deactivate your emotion chip until we're done.
I am still having difficulty integrating certain emotions into my programming. Grief loss remorse...
Data... are you sure you're all right?
Not very well. We met shortly after the Enterprise-E was commissioned. I found her to be a most... promising officer.
Did you know her?
The planet's surface is covered with Borg technology.  So is the moon... and three other planets in this solar system.
Oh... just a little tinkering. How is he?
What did you do to the batteries?
Outside around back. Next to the water tank.
I told you there's no --
Where's the battery room for the hospital?
Power. There hasn't been a lot of wind through here for the last couple of weeks. Most of the batteries are depleted.
Doctor Crusher has been... studying some advanced medical theories.
We're crossing the threshold!
They're getting awfully close... what the hell are they doing?
Well I feel a whole lot better with them out there. We may need some help.
Their com system must still be down.
Picard to Enterprise.  Picard to Enterprise -- do you read me?
Captain the Enterprise!
One minute to warp threshold...
There's no temporal shielding in here! We're starting to pick up relativistic effects!
Speed -- two hundred seventy-five thousand kilometers per second.
The inertial dampers are having trouble compensating... I don't think Cochrane built this thing for comfort.
I'm on it...
Passing one-half light speed. The starboard nacelle's running a little hot...
<U>Engage.</U>
The nacelles are charged... nuclear warhead standing by. We're ready to ignite the warp drive.
Bring the warp core on-line. I'll lay in a heading.
The Vulcans should be out there right now. We need to break the warp barrier in the next five minutes if we're going to get their attention.
As they used to say... all systems are go.
Ready to deploy the warp nacelles.
Ignore it. We'll be fine.  Prepare for first stage shut-down and separation on my mark...
There's a red light on the second intake valve.
Entering the upper ionospere...
Altitude fifty kilometers...
Solid rocket fuel at twenty-five thousand kilograms...
Get a tricorder. You're going to have to track my exact position in that room...
What's still there?
Then we'll just have to assume it's still there...
No... the door's too thick.
It'll have to wait. Come on.
Captain... we've got less than ten minutes before that Vulcan ship leaves the system. We've got to go <U>now</U>.
This is Picard. I've suspended the launch sequence.
She's a very... determined woman.  Phoenix to control. Mister Lange... let her in.
Tell her to go back to Resurrection.
We can't leave her out there. When the ship launches... she'll be killed.
Phoenix to control.  Initiating five minute countdown... mark.
Ready to make a little history?
They used copper pipes in their plumbing... so I melted it down... and fused it with some tritanium from one of our phaser casings.  It's not the strongest alloy... but it's better than all this crude aluminum and steel.
Where's you get the alloy for the throttle itself?
If there are other photographs... I think I may know how to find them.
Maybe...  Sure. Yeah. As long as I could get a clear look at the intake configuration. But so far we haven't found any other photos.
We're tearing this place apart looking for them... but the computers are down and the fires destroyed half the files...so far nothing.
We need to launch this ship in under eighteen hours...  There must be some design schematics... blueprints...
Yeah... if I knew what it looked like. There's probably five hundred ways to design a valve like this...
Can you reconstruct the throttle valve?
This used to be the throttle valve assembly.  It controls the thrust of the engines. It's been completely vaporized... and without it there's no way to launch the ship.
It could be the radiation Captain. Try from the surface.
Picard to Enterprise.  Enterprise please respond.
There should be some kind of manual release...
Blast door. It's designed to protect the control room when the missile is launched.
I have the password right here.
Alphanumeric lock. We need a password to get in...
There should be an access hatch nearby...
I'm picking up faint life signs twenty meters below.
Probably from the nuclear warhead. Cochrane was planning to use it to ignite the warp drive.
I'm having trouble scanning underground. There's a lot of radiation leaking from something.
How serious is the damage?
This must be it.
I have the silo sir. Bearing three one zero... distance three hundred meters.
Understood. Keep me informed.
Captain I'm starting to worry about the hull integrity. We've been running the support field at full power for three hours straight. I don't know how much longer it's going to hold up.
Initiate pre-ignition sequence.
Main bus...
ATR setting...
Well with any luck... the Vulcans will land outside Resurrection tomorrow morning... and Earth will never be the same again.
I've enhanced the plasma injectors -- don't worry they'll see it.
What about our warp signature? It has to be strong enough for them to detect.
It'll be tight but we should make it.
Are we on schedule? The Vulcan ship will be here in less than two hours.
I'm afraid you've caught me. I am a space-man.
And you know all this... because <U>you're</U> a space-man too...
From another planet.  Oh I almost forgot... they have green blood and pointed ears.
Wrong answer Mister Picard. Try again.
There is no invasion...
The invasion plans.
What do you want?
Something wrong with that?
You seem to have an answer for everything.
I think he was running a test on an old rocket engine... and one of the fuel cells burst.
Maybe you can tell me what he's been doing in that silo. We heard some explosions out there this morning...
Lucky for him you came by when you did. He might be dead now.
I'm an old friend of Cochrane's... I wanted to see how he was doing.
And what were you doing out at the missile silo?
It wasn't a trick. I used to be an electrical engineer.
That was a pretty clever trick you did with the hospital's batteries. How'd you do it?
There's a few of us left.
Beautiful city. Used to be anyway. I didn't think anyone still lived there.
California. San Francisco.
Where are you from most recently?
Not really. I was born and raised right here. Never had much use for travel.
Oh... here and there. You know how it is.
Where in the States?
You don't sound French.
Great name. French?
Jean-Luc Picard.
Lieutenant actually. Lieutenant Jonathan Scrimm. I'm the head of the Resurrection Protective Force.  And you are?
Oh...  yes... ultraviolet protection. Thank you. Mister...?
You've been interfering with my life ever since I met you.  Don't stop now.
This may be hard for you to understand... but I'm duty-bound not to interfere with you or anyone else here... any more than is absolutely necessary.
That's impossible.
I don't care if you're from France or Venus... just take me with you.
No... I'm from France.
It's the future isn't it? Just like you told Scrimm.  I knew you weren't from around here.
No. It's a lot further than that.
Where? And don't tell me San Francisco...
I have to...
You're leaving aren't you?
I am not a thief...
And all I'm asking for is the truth. That would take five minutes.  For all I know you caused the explosions at the silo... and now you're trying to steal Zephram's ship.
Why are you being so difficult? All I'm asking for is to look at one of the photographs. It'll take five minutes.
We have to launch his ship by tomorrow afternoon.
All right. Truth. I believe that one. Why is it so urgent you couldn't wait until morning?
A key piece of the ship has been destroyed... and our only hope to reconstruct it is if one of your photographs shows us what it looked like.
Lie. That's one. Keep going.
Friends from Cornell...
Myself... and a few other friends of Zephram's.
We're trying to repair Doctor Cochrane's ship. It's been damaged and --
Okay let's hear it. I'm sure you have a great explanation for why those rocket photos are so important you broke into my house.
Don't flatter yourself. I take pictures of a lot of junk.
I'd say you already have.
Too bad.  Besides it'll give you all night to think up a new set of lies.
It can't wait until tomorrow...
I'm sure it is. But it'll have to wait until tomorrow.
Ruby... I need to talk to you about those photographs. It's very important.
How did you know about that?
No... not like you and Doctor Crusher used to be.
Were the two of you... involved?
Are you always sucha good judge of character?
You're not someone who lies very easily... so it's obvious when you do... at least to me.
What makes you say that?
You're lying.
'Fraid not.
I'm an old friend... I met him when he was doing his undergraduate work at Cornell back in --
Trade. Okay. The photographs... for a straight answer.  Who are you? And how do you know Zephram?
No... but sometimes I feel that way.  What I meant was I'd be willing to trade for the photographs.
You'd have to try real hard. No one's used currency in over ten years. What are you from another planet?
Did you take any other pictures of the rocket?
Bed sheets.  I used my last set of bed sheets to make those prints. Not the best material but I haven't seen a clean piece of paper in five years.
Yes... I wanted to ask you about some photographs I saw out at the silo. There were three of them... printed on some kind of fabric.
Did you need something?
I'm very sorry.
Yes... and I only had enough silver halide for one shot. So you're lucky you didn't screw it up.
Thank God this plate was already fixed.
Ah... yes... but I didn't realize that --
What are you an idiot? Didn't you see the red light was on?
Take care of him. He's a very special man.
Western hemisphere... North American continent...
Track their weapons fire.
We have to follow them back... repair whatever damage they've done to that time-line.
Captain...?
Population... thirty-five billion...  All Borg.
Life signs?
Incoming transmission from the Borg.
Signal the Endeavor to fall back. We'll cover them.
Incoming transmission from Starfleet Command. Admiral Hayes.
Worf have Doctor Crusher Mister La Forge and a security team meet me in Transporter Room Three. Civilian clothes.
Target locked!
Go to manual.
Phasers are off-line... we have two quantum torpedoes left. But the computer targeting system has been destroyed.
Intercept course full impulse.  Weapons status?
Captain I've found the Borg Sphere. It's on the far side of the planet...firing at the surface.
Steady as she goes.
Hull integrity down to thirty percent...
Data set a course for that vortex.
Captain there are five Borg ships closing in on our position.
Time travel... they're attempting time travel...  Full power Mister Data. Worf quantum torpedoes at my command!
Port battery ready sir!
Unless you'd like to stay.
Yes sir. But Captain... are we... all going back?
Then make it so. Have you determined how to recreate the temporal vortex?
Return to our own time?
I'll keep in contact. You have the Bridge.
Good luck sir.
Normally I would agree. But in this case the mission requires a certain knowledge of 21st century history. You're many things Number One but you're not much of an historian.
And if they succeed humans won't make First Contact with the Vulcans tomorrow.  As First Officer I should be the one beaming down...
In twenty-four hours Zephram Cochrane is supposed to conduct the very first warp test... from a missile silo in Montana. If I'm right the Borg were trying to change the course of human history by killing him or destroying his ship.
Can't tell. Long-range bio- sensors are off-line.
Life signs?
Looks like they damaged the silo...
We're still in Earth orbit.
They did it... they assimilated Earth.
They must've done it in the past... they went back and changed history...
Worf... torpedo... now!
We're caught in some kind of energy wake from the vortex...
Emergency override!
We've lost Bridge control!
Understood!
Worf! I'm going to need at least five minutes!
I'll keep that in mind.
And Commander whatever you do... do <U>not</U> vomit in your exo-suit. It would be... unpleasant.
Try not to look at the stars... keep your eyes on the ship.
Just a little queasy...
Are you alright?
The Borg will undoubtedly attack. Set phasers to rotating modulation.
I guess I'd better get it right the first time.
You will have to realign the targeting array of the quantum torpedo... and reprogram the warhead for the localized detonation.  There's only one torpedo left...
Destroy the deflector dish.
Agreed. Options?
We have to stop them from sending that message.
They're converting the deflector dish into an antennae...
They're connecting the conduits to subspace communications...
Computer -- thermal enhancement.
They're re-routing the deflector power conduits...
They appear to be modifying the deflector dish.
What are they doing?
We have to cover both possibilities.  We'll take care of the Bridge. Worf take your men and seal off Main Engineering. Turn it into a fortress -- nothing gets in.
To control the Enterprise they'll have to gain access to one of two locations. Main Engineering... or the Bridge.
We'll have to assume they've been assimilated into the Collective.
We saw at least thirty...and there are twenty-two Enterprise crewmembers reported missing... including Commander Data.
It appears that someone has taken over the Environmental Control Room.
What the hell is happening Worf?
A ship-wide decompression has been initiated!
Assign another team if you need to. I want to re-establish communication with the Captain as soon as possible.
I have assigned two damage control teams to locate the source of our communication problems. So far they've had no success.
Incoming message from the Starship Intrepid. Admiral Hayes.
Casualties are light Captain. Minor buckling on the port nacelle. Nothing serious.
Hold that thought.
I have to admit there was a moment there when --
I think Mister Worf is suggesting that we go outside for a little stroll...
What are you suggesting?
I remember it made me sick.
Deflector dish... why the deflector dish...?
To do what? If they wanted a weapon they could've taken over a phaser bank or torpedo bay...
Where the hell are they going?
They're bypassing Engineering...
Do we have any idea how many Borg we're dealing with?
All right... we've lost control of eight decks... three Cargo Bays... one Shuttlebay.
Mister Worf... find Data if you can but your top priority is isolating the Borg.
Wil... Data was down there.
The Borg.  Some of them must've beamed over before we destroyed their ship.  Seal off that entire deck with emergency force fields.
Someone...?
We just lost main power... and we've got Class-Three alerts all over the ship. I'm not sure what's --
Commander... we have a problem.
What the hell happened down there Worf?
Something is very wrong Commander. We're falling back.
Worf? Is something wrong?
Any sign of Data or the Borg themselves?
Worf to Bridge. We're about to enter the Environmental Control Room.
There's a dampening field in place on this deck. Our tricorders are useless.
Riker here.
Worf to Bridge.
What kind of message?
They may be trying to send a message to the other Borg...the Borg in this time period...
Data's positronic net contains classified information on the Enterprise. Command codes security protocols...
There were no planetary defense systems in this era. Their weapons were designed to fight each other... not extraterrestrials.
Are we in any danger of being detected by Earth defense systems?
Captain they're firing at a nuclear missile silo... in central Montana.
Captain I've scanned the planet. The atmosphere contains a high concentration of methane carbon monoxide and fluorine. The oceans have been chemically altered as well.
No response.  I'm not reading any Starfleet com traffic in this entire sector.
I'll bear it in mind Admiral. I think that's all.
The longer we wait the less accessible the hostages will be Mr. President.
I'd prefer not to be the President to push the button if I can avoid it.
At present I'm awaiting a full report from Enterprise. Pending that I am constrained to observe Interstellar Law.
Mr. President we cannot allow Federation citizens to be abducted.
Admiral Donald...Bill...
Mr. President.
That's the question -
Or not to be -
We WERE beginning to hit our stride together doctor...
Pity they're retiring us just as I was starting to understand you Spock...
Thank you nurse. Jim she's ready! Lock and load!
Calm yourself doctor the operation is almost complete...
We DO sleep lying down.
Spock that was actually funny.
Vulcans sleep lying down...
Bet you wish you'd stood in bed...
Fascinating...
You may need assistance doctor...
I'm going to perform surgery on a torpedo - you never know...
The charge is murder.
I believe the operation is over.
I'm going too. They may need a doctor.
Good luck Captain.
And the good news is they're not going to prosecute.
Time we got underway ourselves gentlemen.  Once again we've saved civilization as we know it.
ABSOLUTELY NOT!
Killed trying to escape - it's a classic...
Damned clever if you ask me...
She didn't need our help getting anywhere... where did she get these convenient clothes? And don't tell me that flare is standard prison issue...
ARE YOU CRAZY?
Spock's looking for us...
If they're even looking for us...
Once we're beyond the shield they should be able to pick it up two sectors away.
That cunning little Vulcan...
It's the viridium patch Spock slapped on my back right before we went aboard Gorkon's ship.
No way.  You see this?
Jim leave me - I'm finished...
Don't remind me.
What kind of creature is this? Last night you two were spooning -
More than ever.
Still think we're finished?
What is it with you anyway?
Well if you've got any bright ideas now's the time to -
Uh uh. Somebody felt much worse. And I'm starting to understand why.
Well don't be too hard on yourself - we all felt exactly the same -
No more neutral zone. I was USED to hating Klingons... that's why I failed in our assignment.  It never even occurred to me to take Gorkon at his word. Spock was right.
Specifically of...?
Some people ARE afraid of the future; of what MIGHT happen;  I was frightened really frightened.
Are we playing multiple choice?
I didn't mean this future.
That was the general idea I intended to convey.
Bones are you afraid of the future?
- <U>Kobayashi Maru</U>...
Speak for yourself. One day... one night...
We're not finished.
Three months till retirement. What a way to finish.
Suppose HE'S holding a grudge?
Bones why don't you see what you can do? Let them know we're not holding a grudge.
We've been set up all along.
What's the Brotherhood of Aliens?
Chancellor Gorkon can you hear me? Chancellor...?
Jim I don't even know his anatomy.
Can you - ?
Sweet Jesus...! He's lost a lot of whatever this stuff is...
I wish I knew. Uhura?
What the Hell's going on?
You heard the order Lieutenant.
If they did we'd all have to turn ourselves in. How CAN we rely on them?
They don't arrest people for having feelings.
In space no one can hear you sweat.
Too bad we can't SMELL her.
Captain shall we attempt to return fire?
This is fun...
Now there's a poser.
Captain when we get to Camp Khitomer how will we defend ourselves? I mean if this new Bird of Prey can fire while she is invisible...?
We're explorers not diplomats!
And perhaps with a large step or two. Like a peace treaty.
Perhaps with a few small steps at a time. Like this one.
The Chancellor herself will testify that the defendant's hands shook.
I tried to save him! I was desperate to save him! He was the last best hope in the universe for real peace.
You were incompetent! - whether deliberately or as a result of age combined with drink this court will determine.
I was nervous -
You say you are due for retirement. May I ask: do your hands shake?
I didn't have the knowledge of Klingon anatomy I needed.
Was Chancellor Gorkon alive when you first examined him?
Ah. I believe you also consumed Romulan ale at the officers' mess on the night of question Doctor?
For 27 years I have been Ship's Surgeon and later Chief Medical Officer aboard the USS Enterprise. In three months I'm due to stand down.
Aside from a touch of arthritis I'd say pretty good.
Doctor McCoy what is your current medical status?
Then let me help!
We were until your torpedoes!
Are you carrying a surgeon?
I thought I would assume a pleasing shape.  We're outside the shield. Now it's your turn Kirk.
I don't wonder. Stop me if I'm wrong but do we really have any way of knowing if this is the real you?
It takes a lot of effort.
That's a comfort...
They'll respect him now...
I don't mind. Smuggling. Guilty. I come from Arc. Smuggling is an ancient and respected trade there.
What are you in for if you don't mind me asking?
They'll make it look like an accident...
I don't believe we can get more out of the way than this.
Your honors the State rests.
As Captain I am responsible for the conduct of the crew under my command.
So if it should prove members of your crew did in fact carry out such an assassination - ?
Captain Kirk are you aware that under Federation law the Captain of a Starship is considered responsible for the actions of his men?
I cannot confirm or deny actions which I did not witness.
You deny that your men beamed aboard KRONOS One and shot the Chancellor?
You deny Enterprise fired on KRONOS One?
And you were obeying or disobeying orders the night you arranged the assassination of Chancellor Gorkon?
I have on occasion disobeyed orders.
For insubordination.
You were demoted...
Those words WERE spoken by me.
Louder please. We cannot hear you.
Spoken by you?
Are those your words?
That either as an instrument of Federation policy or acting on your own drunken initiative you and your fellow conspirators crippled KRONOS One and cold-bloodedly assassinated the Chancellor of the High Council. Then you and Doctor McCoy went aboard to make certain the job was complete.
That isn't true...!
And now we come to the architect of this tragic affair Captain James Tiberius Kirk. I put it to you Captain that you were seeking revenge for the death of your son.
That we fired two photon torpedoes. But -
And what did they tell you?
I checked the data banks yes.
Did you have occasion to refer to your ship's data banks during that night?
There... were no other ships in the sector.
And you still maintain your ship did not fire on Kronos One? Would you have known if she had? Come now Captain. The record clearly there were no other ships in the sector.
The drink WAS served...
Isn't it a fact that you served Romulan ale a beverage illegal in the Federation because of its overwhelming potency?
Take them away.
He just tried to save him!
Under article 184 of Interstellar Law I place you both under arrest. You are charged with assassinating the Chancellor of the High Council.
How can I trust --
He's a DOCTOR!
You crippled our gravitational field with a direst torpedo hit and two Starfleet crewmen beamed aboard in magnetic boots and did this! WE HAVE WITNESSES!
WHAT HAPPENED?
You feign ignorance?
My God what happened here?
I beg your pardon?
Would you care to go topside?
I'm not sure how to take that.
I've always wanted to meet you Captain.
Second star to the right - and straight on till morning...
Course heading Captain?
Aye sir; thrusters...
Mr. Chekov slow down. Take us forward thrusters only one quarter impulse power.
Aye sir; thrusters...
Mr. Chekov take us forward thrusters only one half impulse power...
Shields up. Battle stations.
Shields. Battle stations.
Then all we've got is a neutron radiation surge - and by the time we're close enough to record it we're ashes...
But if she's cloaked...
She's here - somewhere.
She's only a cog in the wheel - no way she knows that.
Where IS the conference?
From Starfleet?
First rule of assassination: always kill the assassins.
Torpedo bay! DID we fire those torpedoes?
Captain if they fire at us with our shields down --
Uhura monitor!
Torpedo room--?
I know what you mean...
Just the size of my head -
Full diplomatic courtesy Mr. Chekov...
Captain you're not going to show them the bridge??
Captain Sulu... on assignment... anyone seen Spock?
Where is Mr. Sulu?
She programmed the torpedo hits?
You must have cursed yourself for having programmed our data banks Lieutenant. Only they revealed something wrong aboard Enterprise.
Quite right Mr. Chekov. What is now required is a feat of linguistic legerdemain - and a degree of intrepidity. Before the Captain and Doctor McCoy freeze to death.
Mr. Spock Rura Penthe's deep in Klingon territory. If we're discovered...
ALL uniforms?
Now we expand our search to include uniforms.
Now we go to Starfleet?
This is the first evidence that corroborates our theory.
They must have walked through it when it was floating and tracked it back here.
Klingon blood.
You tell them Lieutenant.
What ARE we searching for Mr. Spock?
You're forgetting something.  the data banks say WE fired. If we did the killers are here; if we didn't whoever altered the data banks is here. Either way what we're searching for is here...
Shields up Captain --?
They're preparing to fire.
Is that wise sir? I mean given their situation -  Aye sir.
Are you kidding?  Send to Starfleet Command...
Do we report this sir?
An INCIDENT?
Captain I'm getting a message from Klingon High Command.
Mr. Valtane any more data?
We must do this again soon.
Thank you Captain Kirk. The evening has been most... edifying.
This cannot be easy for you Captain...  I would feel awkward if I had to give you a tour of OUR vessel...
Starfleet's been charting and cataloging planetary atmospheres. All vessels are equipped with chemical analytic sensors...
Your research laboratory is most impressive...
Commander face to face at last.. you have my thanks..
Chancellor may I present Commander Spock whom I believe you know Dr. Leonard McCoy chief medical officer Montgomery Scott chief engineer...
I shall look forward to it.
We'll make arrangements to have you beamed aboard at 1930 hours.
We'd be delighted to accept your gracious invitation.
Uh would you and your party care to dine this evening aboard Enterprise with my officers as guests of the United Federation of Planets?
Thank you Captain.
Chancellor. We've been ordered to escort you through Federation space to your meeting place on Earth.
This is KRONOS One. I am Chancellor Gorkon.
Not me idiot - HIM!
Kill him! He's the one!!
What took you so long?
I like it here...
Isn't it about time you became something else?
They'll be here...
Your friends are late...
Good enough for one - two would look suspicious... killed while attempting escape... now that's convincing for both.
An accident wasn't good enough...
Give a girl a chance Captain.
Candidate for what?
I can't make it alone. You're the likeliest candidate to come to this god-forsaken place in months.
Getting outside the shield is easy. After that it's up to you to get us off the surface before we freeze. Can you?
Where do we come in?
I know how to get outside the shield.
It IS possible.
Listen. No one has ever escaped from Rura Penthe.
There's gotta be a way out of this place...
When whoever it is makes their move you won't be here to ask if he's the one.
Anything else you want to tell me?
That's not his knee.  Not everybody keeps their genitals in the same place Captain.
Don't you know? Everyone on Rura Penthe is here for life.
How much time's left of your sentence?
Of course not. Anyway somebody up there wants you out of the way.
We didn't kill Gorkon.
We don't get many presidential assassins.
There's a reward for your death.
How did you know...?
Krandog aranty.
Fraid not. It wouldn't fit him anyway.
And your coat.
He's got it.
He wants your obedience to the Brotherhood of Aliens.
WHO ELSE...?
This is incredible -
Stand DOWN Mr. Scott. All stop. That's an order.
Captain if --
Stand down your weapons.
Energize...
Maybe if their particles just got a wee bit mixed...
You hear that?
Just the prototype.
Starfleet will be around long enough for me to convene a Court Martial on this ship Lieutenant. Win lose or draw it will be on your record.
I won't allow Starfleet to be dismantled over some Klingon promises.
Uhura signal our surrender.
Captain our shields -- !
Mr. Chekov anything unusual?
Saavik you know anything about a neutron energy surge?
I hope you're happy.
Right standard rudder Z plus five degrees...
Uhura hailing frequencies. Right standard rudder bring us alongside...
Only don't try putting words in my mouth.
I always wanted to try that.
You piloted well out of spacedock Lieutenant -
I gather you are not enthusiastic about the assignment... I don't think many on board are.
We're almost at the rendezvous - I thought you'd want to know...
Come on Saavik you COULD knock -
I'm still in the chair Lieutenant.
Kronos sir?
Plot a course for Kronos Lieutenant.
Captain may I remind you that regulations specify thrusters only while in space dock?
Thank you. Lieutenant one quarter impulse power...
Aft thrusters -
Saavik sir. We were told you'd need a helmsman -  ... so I volunteered.
As you were. Lieutenant...?
Don't mention it Captain Kirk.
Thank you Captain Sulu.
According to my information today.
When does this conference start?
I'm getting underway now. But you should know I'm in alpha Quadrant. The chances of my reaching the conference in time are slim.
I'm telling you. Hang on.  How many of those things are there? Come on Lieutenant you're charged with murder...
Surely not.
I'm afraid we may need more than that. There's a Bird of Prey on the lookout for us. And she can fire while she's cloaked.
The Conference is at Camp Khitomer near the Romulan border. I'm sending the exact coordinates on a coded frequency.
Bless you Sulu.  Where's the peace conference? They're going to attempt another assassination.
I'm sorry Captain - your message is breaking up.
You understand that by even talking to us you're violating regulations Captain.
Standing by Captain Kirk.
This is Captain Sulu USS Excelsior.
... is to trust him.
The only way to find out if a man's trustworthy...
Gorkon thought the undiscovered country might mean something else - another kin of life. People can be very frightened of change. I know I was.
I always assumed Hamlet meant death.
Probably trying to figure out why we're reversing wondering if we detect her.
What's she waiting for?
Make ourselves a target?
Captain perhaps we're going about this the wrong way; our job is to get to the conference; HER job will be to stop us.
Not yet... Section 4236...
Close enough to beam down?
Spock you want to know something?
But I am not human. I am only -
Not for the actions of another. No one is responsible for any actions but his own. Human beings -
I SHOULD have been -
Can we two have grown so old and inflexible that we have outlived our usefulness?  Would that constitute a joke?
Gorkon had to die before I understood how prejudiced I was...
I was PREJUDUCED by those achievements.
You couldn't have known she was listening the night I dictated that entry into my log. You were proud of her achievements as a Vulcan.
I too was blind. I knew about HER - and I did nothing. I trusted too much.
I was blind. I couldn't see past the death of my son. I couldn't trust.
The night is young. Anyway it was logical.  You know you're a great one for logic. I'm a great one for  rushing in where angels fear to tread. We're both extremists. Reality is probably somewhere in between us.
You were right: it was arrogant presumption that got us into this situation. You might have died.
Are you dining on worms?
The Commander is an old friend of yours.
Why would they give them to us?
I've been dead before. Uhura raise Excelsior. She ought to have the co-ordinates.
Azetbur has agreed to meet the Federation at a undisclosed location to continue her father's work... the conspirators obviously intend to try again...
What peace conference?
The peace conference.
So that's it..
The Klingons have a new weapon: a Bird of Prey that can fire while cloaked. She torpedoed Gorkon's ship.
He was just about to explain the whole damn -
Perhaps you're right.
I'M going. You are going to be responsible for getting me out of this. Meantime we're not going to be the instigators of a full-scale war on the eve of universal peace.
I am responsible for involving you in this. I will go.
According to the data bank we HAVE - twice...
We HAVEN'T fired -
We've fired on the Chancellor's ship -
From Enterprise?
Curiously it appears to emanate from us.
We are reading an enormous amount of neutron radiation.
Spock I'm really tired...
I am uncertain.
What is it?
I'm going to sleep it off. Let me know if there's some other way we can screw up tonight.
I don't believe our own conduct will distinguish us in the annals of diplomacy...
Far be it for me to dispute my first officer. Starfleet has always -
I believe the Captain feels that Starfleet's mission has always been one of peace -
The Chancellor is undoubtedly awaiting our signal.
Never been this close.
Congratulations Lieutenant. That must make you very proud...
Lieutenant I am pleased to see you.  The Lieutenant is the first Vulcan to be graduated at the top of her class as the Academy.
LET THEM DIE.
They're dying.
DON'T TRUST THEM. DON'T BELIEVE THEM -
Jim there is an historic opportunity here -
I know your father's the Vulcan Ambassador for heaven's sake but you know how I feel about this: they're animals.
I was asked by my father to open neg-
How could you vouch for me? That's...  ... arrogant presumption -
There's an old Vulcan proverb: only Nixon could go to China.
WE volunteered?
You have personally -
I have personally vouched for you in this matter Captain.
We have volunteered to rendezvous with the Klingon ship that's bringing Chancellor Gorkon here and escort him safely through Federation space.
Not from a distance. She won't show up on ANY type of scan.
Captain we can't see her but she gives off heat...
Nothing Captain. If they're here they're rigger for silent running.
Gorkon's own man??
I'm going aboard. Spock you have the conn.
It's pretty chaotic over there. There's been some weapons fire and a lot of shouting...
This is Enterprise. We surrender. Repeat  Enterprise surrenders --
WE SURRENDER.
This is the Starship Enterprise Captain James Kirk commanding.
Channel open Captain.
Control this is Enterprise requesting permission to depart.
Control tower reading Sir.
You've betrayed the Federation - all of you.
Perhaps neither of us was hearing very well that night Lieutenant. There were things I tried to tell you too - about having faith.
You can't prove any of this...
But it was when you tried to persuade me the Captain was guilty that I should have understood.
I believe you. Please...
I don't want to.
If you are logical.
I'm having the garbage searched. If my surmise is correct these boots will cling to the killers' necks like Tiberian bats. They couldn't make their escape without them; nor can they simply throw them out a window for all to see; no - they're here. Somewhere.
Suppose when they returned they threw the boots into the garbage?
Even logic must give way to physics. Gravity hadn't been restored by the time they escaped. Without their boots they would not have stayed on the Klingon transporter pads.
We've got a crew of three hundred turning their own quarters inside out  but the killers may be among them. Surely they've disposed of these boots by now. Wouldn't it have been logical to leave them on Gorkon's ship?
Any progress?
An omission. After that -
Very well. For twenty-four hours we'll agree that this conversation did not take place.
Commander Uhura has been experiencing technical difficulties sir.
Curious. You haven't been assisting Commander Uhura with her radio transmissions have you Lt?
Not as yet sir.
Any reply from Starfleet to our dispatch Lieutenant.
Such things have happened before sir.
Her own father...?
In the meantime we must endeavor to piece together what happened here tonight. According to our data banks this ship fired those torpedoes.
How did you - ?
What do you suggest Lieutenant? Opening fire won't retrieve the Captain; and an armed engagement was precisely what he wished to avoid.
But we can't allow them to be taken back to Kronos as prisoners.
That the universe will unfold as it should.
You must have faith.
I am not certain such speculations are included among your duties Lieutenant.
Sir I speak to you as a kindred intellect. Do you not recognize that a turning point has been reached in the affairs of the Federation?
You have done well Saavik. As your sponsor at the Academy I have followed your career with... satisfaction. And as a Vulcan.
I do not think so. Enterprise has disobeyed orders and harbors two escaped convicts. Admiral Donald will make certain all your ship-to- shore transmissions are jammed.
We can send a message to Starfleet Command -
We are experiencing a technical malfunction. All backup systems inoperative.
In nineteenth century France workers who felt their livelihood threatened by machines flung their wooden shoes - called SABOTS - into the gears to stop them. Hence the word SABOTAGE.
We've been ordered to -
Confirmed Captain!
Direct hit -
You having hearing problems mister?
Signal Starfleet that... we have no idea location of Enterprise.
Apparently they're refusing to acknowledge signal to return to spacedock sir.
Sorry to wake you sir but Starfleet urgently requests any data we may have on the whereabouts of Enterprise.
What's left of it.
... I cannot confirm the existence of Praxis.
What is it?
I have confirmed the location sir but...
Negative. The subspace shockwave originated at bearing three-two- three mark seven-five the location is...  Praxis. A Klingon moon. Barren of indigenous life forms but -
Don't tell me that was any meteor shower.
I have an energy wave from 240 degrees mark six port --
Then it's time we were heading home. Three years is...
Fifty-four planets - and their gaseous atmospheric anomalies. Our sensing and analytic equipment worked well.
According to this we've completed our exploration of the entire sector.
Aye aye sir.
They're outside the beaming shield. Mr. Scott start your engines.
Thank you Mr. Scott. We were to return to spacedock the killers would surely manage to dispose of their incriminating footwear.
- could take weeks sir.
I believe I am.
They you're talking about a dreadful new engine of destruction Mr. Spock.
This one can.
A Bird of Prey canna fire when she's cloaked!
Would they?
If another ship had been beneath us the Klingons would've seen her!
Too far off. Very near us. Perhaps... underneath us...
Not from us!
There was an enormous neutron energy surge.
They dinna fire on themselves. And there were no other ships present.
I know precisely where he'll be.
Twenty-four hours from now we won't have a clue where the Captain is.
That's hardly conclusive Mr. Scott as Klingons have no tear ducts.
They don't place the same value on life that we do Spock - you know that... take my word: she didn't shed one bloody tear...
Then someone forged a data bank entry.
And if they're still in place?
Nevertheless.
That could take hours!
We'll have to check every one of them Mr. Scott.
You can check the torpedoes visually if you like -
I think  not.
A computer canna lie sir.
Yet the data banks insist we fired: twice. One computer is lying.
It's as I said Mr. Spock: Inventory still registers every torpedo.
Mr. Scott you forget yourself. Please accompany me.
I've already addressed that question Mr. Scott. We'll e able to follow the Captain's movements.
At least we must keep track of where they are taken sir. I -
But you didn't join a conspiracy.
They might as well arrest me too; I felt like Lieutenant Saavik.
Well what about all that atmospheric equipment we're carrying to catalogue gaseous anomalies?
Maybe we should write them a letter?
I don't think Starfleet could have envisioned our current predicament.
At present he's surrounded by a magnetic shield. If my calculations are correct he should be deep into his escape planning by this time.
You understand that we have lost all contact with Captain Kirk...?
Mr. Scott any progress on repairing our warp drive?
I've pulled out my - uh wooden shoe and Starfleet is screaming for us to return to port.
I want this ship searched from bow to stern. Lieutenant Saavik you are in charge. Start with the transporter room and work your way outwards...
Even assuming you're correct Mr. Spock why would they fire on their own President?
And they'd be right. We have no evidence - just a theory that happens to fit the facts...
It means that if we cannot have fired those torpedoes then someone else did.
What exactly does that mean?
An ancestor of mine maintained that if you eliminate the impossible whatever remains - however improbable - must be the truth.
He's placing himself in a most awkward position...
Sulu's giving us his position and telling us he's standing by...
I assume command of this ship as of  0130 hours. Uhura send to Starfleet HQ. Explain precisely what has taken place and request instructions.
How do both sides overcome ingrained prejudice?
They're naturally wary ma'am. We've been at war a long time.
How long is that?
Indefinitely.
For how long?
No. I must deactivate you.
No. Can I move now?
Do you have any knowledge of the tactical abi1ities of this ship?
Do you know anything about Shinzon's plans against the Federation?
I do not understand.
You have been programmed to gather information that can be used against this ship.
Because you are dangerous.
No I have only activated your cognitive and communication subroutines.
Brother. I cannot move.
Is that your final answer?
Do you know the name of the Captain of this vessel?
Can you remember our father?
I am in a room with lights.
Do you know where you are?
No. My name is Data... I am your brother.
You are me.
Do you know who I am?
Yes please continue.
Fuzzy face is gone.
Can you tell me how you came to be on the planet where we found you?
Soon then.  Ill save the last dance for you.
Not tonight I have work here.
They're running me ragged. Nothing but question day and night... I love it! Come to dinner and 1'1 tell you all about it. There's a Bajoran band at the officer's mess.
Reminds me of a young doctor I used to know...
You can' t imagine them Jean Luc. They're kids! All with advance degrees in xenobiology and out to conquer every disease in the quadrant.
How far we've come. Let me know if you need anything.
That was another time.
To seek out new life and new civilizations. Zephyr. Cochrans own words. When Charles Darwin set out on the H.M.S. Beagle on his journey into the unknown... he sailed without a single musket.
I'm counting on it... We've been ordered to head to sector 3274. Starfleet is diverting the fleet to meet us there.
But we do have one advantage.  He needs your blood to live. He might come after you first.
I can't be sure but the rate of decay seems to be accelerating.
How long does he have?
As a result the temporal sequencing was never activated. Remember he was supposed to replace you at nearly your current age. He was engineered to skip thirty years of life. But since the RNA sequencing was never activated his cellular structure has started to break down. He's dying.
But the Romulans abandoned the plan.
The more I studied his DNA the more confusing it got. Finally I could only come to one conclusion... Shinzon was created with temporal RNA sequencing. He was designed so that at a certain point his aging process could be accelerated to reach your age more quickly so he could replace you.
Can you describe it Deanna?
Aside from slightly elevated adrenalin and serotonin levels you're completely normal.
I wish I could believe that Doctor.
Jean Luc Whatever you were... Right now you're the man you've made yourself. He's someone else.
Is he very much like you were?
I so wanted to believe Shinzon. But the Thalaron radiation can't be explained away. Whatever he's after it's not peace.
He turned out all right.
He was a damn fool. Selfish and ambitious. Very much in need of seasoning.
He was a bit proud as I recall.
Remember him?
You're working late.
Beverly come in.
Understood. Keep on it. I need to know what he has and how to neutralize any threat. Give me options.
It has the ability to consume organic material at the subatomic level. I can't overestimate the danger of Thalaron radiation Jean Luc. A microscopic amount could kill every living thing on this ship in a matter of seconds.
I think a skin cells the more likely of the two.
About twenty-five years ago. They probably used a hair follicle or skin cell.
When was he... created?
If you start tearing up I promise to beam you out. Level one medical emergency.  Theres no crying in Starfleet.
Please Beverly this is hard enough.
Sort of like losing a son and gaining an empath isn't it?
It'll serve you right.
I notice Dr. Crusher laughing along with the rest of you. As most of you know the doctor will also soon be leaving the Enterprise to assume command of Starfleet Medical. Again I'm forced to ask Beverly have you considered what you're doing to little ole me?! I'll probably get some old battle-axe of a doctor who'll tell me to eat my vegetables and put me on report if I dont show up for my physical on time!
Sir allow me to go. You are needed here.
Deanna stand by.  Open a channel.
We are being hailed.
Divert power and compensate.
Captain we have lost ventral shielding on deck twenty nine.
Full axis rotation to port! Fire all ventral phasers!
We are losing dorsal shields.
Commander Riker evasive maneuvers!
Yes sir. The Rift effects all long-range communications.
It's interfering with our uplink from Starfleet cartography?
We are passing through the Bassen Rift. The projections will return when we have cleared it.
I aspire sir. To be better than I am. The B-9 does not. Nor does Shinzon.
How can you be sure?
No sir it is not possible. The B-9 is physically identical to me although his neural pathways are not as advanced. But even if they were he would not be me.
He may have already rejected my humanity but you also have a twin
But so much is the same. On a biological level he is... and I will not accept the idea that there is nothing I can do. I have a responsibility to try to make a human connection with him.
I do not agree. Although you share the same genetic structure the events of your life have created unique individual.
At our current velocity we will arrive at sector 3274 in approximately 40 minutes.
How long until we reach the fleet?
Ready Captain.
We're about to find out... Power up disruptors and fire on my mark.
Do you think this is a wise course of action?
Well then... only one way to go.
Affirmative sir. Negative sir. They have instigated security overrides and erected a force field around the external portals.
Can you open the shuttlebay doors?
Port thrusters sir. Would you like me to drive?
What do you imagine this is?
While I find that fascinating Data we really need that Goddamned door open!
They are trying to override the access codes. Reman is really a most complex language with pictographs representing certain verb roots and...
Alacrity would be appreciated Commander.
There is a shuttlebay 948 meters from our current location.
We'll find a way off together. Recommendations?
It'll only work for one of us.
Geordi equipped me with the prototype for the Emergency Transport Unit. I recommend you use it to return to the Enterprise.
It would appear so.
Aye sir... This way.
A bit less florid Data.
He believes he has our communications protocols. But they will give him inaccurate locations for all Starfleet vessels.
Good work. The download?
My mission was a success sir. I have discovered the source of the Thalaron radiation.
Data to Captain Picard. Geordi and I have identified the source of the unauthorized computer access. And I believe we have also discovered an opportunity to gain a tactical advantage.
Well... it seems we're truly sailing into the unknown. Keep at it. Anything you can give me would be appreciated. Dismissed.
Starfleet intelligence was only able to provide a partial account of his military record. We can infer he is relatively young and a capablecommander. He fought seventeen major engagements in the war. All successful. Beyond that we know nothing.
I can see that.
He is very observant.
Mister Worf accompany Data please.
The final signature is approx- imately 300 meters up that incline.
Thank you Data.  Let's see what she can do.
The closest signature is two kilometers to the west... that direction sir.
New worlds. Yes Data brave new worlds...
To new worlds...
Now you make a toast.
You never know what's over the horizon Data. Before too long you'll be offered a command of your own.
The choices I made have led me here as well. This is the only home I have ever known. I cannot foresee a reason for leaving.
Yes. And frankly I envy them as well. They've made important choices; they're going to have great challenges ahead of them. New worlds to conquer...
That is because you have a familiarity with them. You can predict specific reactions and behavior and are comfortable in that knowledge.
Well. I suppose it does a bit. I'm very happy for them of course but I'm going to miss them. The ship will seem... incomplete without them.
Will and Deanna joining the Titan. Dr. Crusher going to Starfleet Medical...
And you were particularly aware of this feeling because Commander Riker will be leaving to assume command of the Titan?
I understand why it would seem confusing. Certain human rituals... like weddings birthdays or funerals evoke strong and very complex emotions. These rites carry great weight with us because they denote the passage of time.
Sir.  I noticed an interesting confluence of emotion at the wedding. I am familiar with the human concept of tears through laughter and its inverse laughter through tears but I could not help wondering about the human capacity for expressing both pleasure and sadness simultaneously.
To happy endings.
So... To happy endings.
Because the captain has to concentrate on piloting the vehicle.
This is not an appropriate time for a conversation.
You have a red shirt.
You do not look like me.
You are not looking at your- self. You are looking at me.
Why am I looking at me?
What is our approximate distance?
Emergency force fields are holding.
We have lost structural integrity on decks twelve through seventeen sections four through ten.
Don't give up hope Data. I know I know you're not capable of hope.
But I believe he will prove incapable of performing higher functions.
No I do not mind.
It's possible the extra memory port is interfering with the engram processing. Mind if I keep him here and run some diagnostics?
Dr. Soong must have found it unnecessary in later versions.
It seems to be a redundant memory port.  Maybe it's for provisional memory storage in case his neural pathways overload?
What purpose does this serve?
Maybe he's not supposed to be like you. Maybe he's supposed to be just like he is.
An individual more like you you mean.
I feel nothing Geordi. It is my belief that with my memory engrams he will be able to function as a more complete individual.
He'd have all your memories too. You feel comfortable with that?
Captain Picard agrees that the B-9 was probably designed with the same self-actualization parameters as myself. If my memory engrams are successfully integrated into his positronic matrix he should have all my abilities.
I can't believe the Captain went along with a memory download.
At present he serves no useful function. Dr. Soong created us to become active and useful members of society. I do not believe he would have wanted the B-9 to live out his life in his present state.
Do you have a name sir?
Well he seems to have the same internal mechanics as Data but not as much positronic develop- ment.  The neural pathways aren't nearly as sophisticated. Id say he's a prototype. Something Dr. Soong created before Data .
Captain I don't recommend transporting that ion storm doesn't look very neighborly. -It could head this way with- out much warning .
Isolated pockets of humanoids. It appears to be a pre-warp civilization at an early stage of industrial development.
I thought only me myself and Lore.
How many of you did Dr. Soong make?
Since positronic signatures have only been known to emanate from androids such as myself it is logical to theorize that there is an android such as myself on Kolarus III.
If you wouldn't mind.
I would like to pick you up now. May I do that?
The resemblance is... striking.
Like me it has been designed with modular power sources.
Why is it moving?
It appears to be...  ... an arm.
This isn't about me anymore.
But how can he? He'll kill you.
Make it so.
The one thing he may have forgotten in the course of battle: me.
Captain -- I might have a way to find them.
I know how he thinks.
How can you be certain?
Permission denied. If you can possibly endure any more of these assaults.  I need you at my side. Now more than ever I...
Shinzon's Viceroy seems to have the ability to reach into my thoughts. I've become a liability... I request to be relieved of my duties.
I not only know him Deanna I am him.. and he is me!
Captain don't assume he's anything like you are. You should resist the urge to think you know him.
How could I not?
Sir the strongest sense I had was that he's more than urious about you. He very much wants to know you.  The same way you want to know him.
I don't know.
Is he sincere about wanting peace?
I would say he's been trained to resist telepathy. What I could sense of his emotions were erratic very hard to follow.
I'm going to miss you.
I don't believe that sir. Weve shared many disappointing journeys.
As much as we care for him Deanna... we have to remember that Data isn't capable of disappointment.
The B-9 is like a slow child sir. And Data in his own way has assumed the position of a parent or guardian. I'm afraid he has expectations based on his own experiences. He'll be disappointed when the BI-9 cannot meet those expectations.
You're speaking of emotional investment?
Of course sit down.
Do you have a moment sir?
With pleasure Captain.
May I have this dance?
The hell you will. You know too much about me as it is ... Now you promised there are no speeches during the ceremony on Betazed.
And you needn't worry. I'll brief your new counselor on everything she needs to know.
The least I could do for you Deanna.  Besides you know me... Im a talking head.
Really Captain it was a lovely toast.
I can feel your desire Deanna.
Very logical Deanna... But your heart doesn't constrain itself to mere logic.  To leave all of this behind and be with me.
You're not here.
You sick bastard!
I'll always be with you now. Now and forever.
Can you feel my hands... are they real? Can you feel my lips my loins?
This isn't real.
He can never know you as I know you... He can never touch you as I touch you.
Imzadi. This is so good.
Deanna Troi of Betazed. Empathic and telepathic abilities ship's counselor. All of this I knew... But I didn't know you were so beautiful.
I'm only half human.
Thank you Commander.
This is Commander Donatra of the Valdore. We're dispatching shuttles with medical personnel and supplies.
Open a channel.
Understood.
Do you have life support?
I'm afraid that drink will have to wait Captain.
When this is over I owe you a drink.
The Empire considers this a matter of internal security. We regret you've become involved.
Your timing is impeccable Commander.
Captain Picard Commander Donatra of the Warbird Valdore. Might we be of assistance?
Number One.  You have the bridge.
I'll take care of it sir.
Geordi... prepare the shuttle- bay for arrivals. They don't know our procedures so just... open the doors.
Sir we're being hailed.
You have the bridge Commander. Use all available power to move away from the Scimitar.  Now Mister La Forge.
That's an order Commander.
Sir we wont be able to bring you back. Its a one way trip. Captain I don't know if the transporter...
Prepare for a site-to-site transport.
The targeting sequence should take about four minutes.
How long until he can fire?
Deanna on my mark.
Geordi put 211 power to the engines.  Take it from life support if you have to -- everything you can give me.
Weve got him!
He thinks he knows exactly what I'm going to do.
He wants to look me in the eye.
What's he doing?
What if we target all phasers in a concentrated attack?
He's getting his cloak back. We have exhausted our compliment of photon torpedoes. Phaser banks are down to four percent.
And that's exactly what he's going to do.
It's called a Cascading Bio- genic Pulse. The unique properties of Thalaron radiation allow the energy beam to expand almost without limits. Depending on the radiant intensity it could encompass a ship... or a planet.
As I remember Thalaron research was banned in the Federation because of its bioqenic properties.
Which is why our initial scans didn't pick it up. But he's got it Captain.
I thought Thalaron radiation was theoretical.
There's something else. I was reviewing the sensor logs.
Set up a security program to detect any unusual data stream rerouting. If it happens again we want to be ready.
That's what I don't get -- it's mostly basic stellar cartography: star charts; communications protocols; some uplinks from colony tracking stations. It's not even restricted material.
What programs were accessed?
It's going to take some time to find out -- the data stream was rerouted through substations all over the ship.
Then how did a Reman get to be Praetor? I don't get it.
Cannon fodder.
What do we know about the population?
I read six distinct positronic signatures spread out over a few kilometers on the surface.
Uncharted. We'll have to get closer for a more detailed scan.
What do we know about the planet?
It's very faint but I've isolated it to the third planet in the Kolarin system.
Let's hope that luck holds. Janeway out.
Just lucky Admiral.
Not with the Romulans.
Understood.
 Believe me we don't under- stand it either. You're the closest ship so I want you to high tail it over there and hear what he has to say. Get the lay of the land If the Empire becomes unstable it could mean trouble for the entire quadrant.
There's more... as always. He's Reman.
New Praetor?
A diplomatic mission. We've been invited believe it or not. Seems there's been some kind of internal political shakeup. The new Praetor someone called Shinzon has requested a Federation envoy.
With or without the rest of the fleet?
Admiral Janeway. Good to see you.
I look forward to the sport.  Take him.
There'll be another after me. And another after that. You'll find we're a resilient species.
It would take me but an instant to tear that valiant heart from your chest.
Listen to him android. Such a small and weak creature. Yet he roars so valiantly...
That will never happen.
I'm preparing her for Shinzon. To sooth him as she soothes you. To stand at his side as she does at yours.
What are you doing to Counsellor Troi?
So human... you've met your better self!
I am not Shinzon. I am his Viceroy. We are sending transport coordinates.
Praetor Shinzon I'm pleased to...
Enterprise. We are the Reman Warbird Scimitar.
Your new chair sir.
What's this?
On my way. Please notify Commander Riker.
Captain the Hemingway has arrived to tow us to spacedock.
Coordinate our attack with the Valdore's tactical officer. Triangulate fire on any shield impacts.
Sir we're being hailed.
Worf prepare a full phaser spread zero elevation. All banks on my mark. Scan for shield impacts and stand by photon torpedoes.
Who was it?
Sir we've had an unauthorized access into the main computer.
We're being hailed.
Fifty-two disruptor banks twenty-seven photon torpedo bays primary and secondary phased shields.
Tactical analysis Mister Worf.
Not yet Mister Worf.
Sir I recommend we raise shields.
If you don't mind.
To find the head sir?
What sort of signature?
I'm picking up an unusual electromagnetic signature from the Kolarin system.
Come now a big strapping fellow like you? What are you afraid of?
Captain. I think it is inappropriate for a Starfleet officer to appear...  Naked.
Wont do what Mister Worf?
I won't do it.
The honor was mine. Captain Riker.
Serving with you has been an honor.
I intend to.
When your first officer insists that you can't go on away missions... Ignore him.
I promise you in time she'll become your home ...If I could offer you one piece of advice?
But she's not the Enterprise.
She's the most beautiful ship Ive ever seen.
The Titan's a fine ship will. And she's getting a captain worthy of her.
Unless we can disable his cloak we're just going to be firing in the dark.
Counselor Troi report to the bridge.
He's firing through his cloak. We can't get a lock.
We can only hope so.
Strength in numbers?
And the Romulans invade.
Oh boy. Destroy humanity and the Federation is crippled.
His hatred of the Federation is apparent. He would have built a weapon of that scope for one reason. He is going after Earth.
Can anything be done for him?
He wasn't designed to live a complete human life span.
Away team. Transporter room four.
Not very chatty.
She's a predator.
She's not out for a pleasure cruise.
Patience. Diplomacy is a very exacting occupation. We can wait.
Captain with all due respect to diplomatic protocols  -- the Federation Council's not sitting out here we are.
It's working.
It's an old psychological strategy Number One. To put him in a position of dominance and make us uneasy.
Why don't they answer our hails?
The Praetor's power has always been the Romulan fleet. They must be behind him.
A coup d'etat?
We have to assume he had Romulan collaborators.
Acknowledged ...  ...I'll talk to Data.
Captain you have an Alpha Priority communication from Starfleet Command.
Captain's prerogative Will. There's no foreseeable danger... and your wife would never forgive me if anything happened to you.
I appreciate your concern Number One but I've been itching to try out the Argo.
Captain I hope I don't have to remind you --
Where we will all honor the Betazoid traditions. No cold feet or any other parts of our anatomy. Now if youll excuse me.  Ill be in the gym.
Thank you sir...
I think it's worth a look. Don't worry Number One we'll get you to Betazed with time to spare.
Still well on our side...
Diverting to the Kolarin system takes us awfully close to the Romulan Neutral Zone.
Don't you think it's time to surrender? I'll have my cloak back in a matter of minutes and your poor ship is shot to pieces. Why should the rest of your crew have to die?
I hope you're still alive Jean Luc.
I have no choices! I can't fight what I am!
You can still make a choice! Make the right one now!
Its too late.
That's your life... not mine.
But you want to.
I don't know.
So if I gave you my life what would you do with it? Would you spend the years in a blaze of hatred as you are now? Or could you change? Could you try to remember a mother's touch you never felt? A father's words you never heard? Could you do that?
He is what his life has made him!
The man who is Jean Luc Picard and Shinzon of Remus won't exterminate the population of an entire planet! He is better than that!
I see more than what you are.
Childish dreams Captain. Lost in the dilithium mines of Remus. I'm what you see now.
Not so long.
I know you as well as I know myself Shinzon. There was a time you looked at the stars and dreamed of what might be.
Look at me Shinzon! Do you feel the blood pumping inside you? Your hands your eyes your nature are the same as mine. Buried deep inside you beneath the years of pain and anger is a capacity you've forgotten. It's the one way our mirror can reflect the two of us exactly because it's the very thing that truly defines us. To be human is to try to make yourself better than you are.
I know... you'll all gladly die to save your home world.
You know that's not possible.
I have little interest in your quaint vessel Captain. If the Enterprise will withdraw to a distance of one hundred light years it will not be harmed.
And what of the Enterprise?
To accept your surrender. I can clearly destroy you at any time. Lower your shields and allow me to transport you to my ship.
Why are you here?
It's just the two of us now Jean Luc as it should be... Your ship and mine... You and me.
You can't trace my holographic emitters Captainn. So don't bother. And you can't contact Starfleet. We're quite alone.
I think the facts speak for themselves. The same noble Picard blood runs in our veins. Had you lived my life you'd be doing exactly as I am. Look in the mirror and see yourself.
I'm incapable of such an act and so are you.
It amazes me how little you know yourself.
Think about what you're doing Shinzon. Are you ready to plunge the entire quadrant into war to satisfy your own personal demons?
Oh but it does.  We will no longer bow like slaves before anyone. Not the Romulans and not your mighty Federation. We're a race bred for war. For conquest.
If your issues are with me... This has nothing to do with my ship and nothing to do with the Federation.
My life is meaningless as long as you're alive. What am I while you exist? A shadow? An enigma?
I won't defend my life to you.
I see an old man set in his ways afraid to live without a uniform to prop him up and a Starfleet regulation to tell him what to do. I see the man I will never be.
I see a young man trying desperately to deny who he is.
And I'm not quite human. So what am I? What do you see?  Do you see a life you might have led? Lost youth never to be recaptured?
You're not Reman.
It's about destiny Picard. About a Reman outcast who...
What's this all about?
Maybe I'll train it to do little tricks for me like your robot does.  Or maybe Ill snap its ugly head off.
Don't be so vain. After we found it we made a few modifications. An extra memory port a hidden transponder. Perhaps your eyes will be a bit less confident when you learn I've gained access to Starfleet's communications protocols. I now know the location of your entire fleet ...  You may go.
All of this so you could capture me?
I need a sample of your blood. What do your Borg friends say? Resistance is futile. 
What are you doing?
I was lonely...
Why am I here?
Hello Jean Luc.
In time Jean Luc.
I'm honored to think I might someday speak with such eloquence.
If there's one ideal the Federation holds most dear it's that all men all races can be united. From the first time the Vulcans came to Earth we've sought a future of peace. Nothing would make me more proud than to take your hand in friend- ship. In time. When trust has been earned.
Shinzon... I'm trying to believe you.
There is that.
With a full head of hair.
I always hoped I would hit two meters.
So I'm not as tall as you expected?
Age before rank Jean Luc.
After you Praetor.
New worlds.
And you dreamed about what was up there. About...
Looking up at the stars.
No. I was the first Picard to leave Earth.  It caused quite a stir In fact. But I had spent my whole life...
Were we always explorers?
There's so much and so much of it is dull...
I want to know  where I come from. The Remans gave me a future. You can tell me about my past.
All I have is my personal feelings.  I wasn't raised with the ideals of the Federation. But I'm trying to understand them now. To live up to them. To live up to you.
And if you had lived my life you would understand that there is a great respons- ibility in representing the Federation. I can't let my personal feelings unduly influence my decisions.
Of course you do. If you had lived my life and experienced the suffering of my people... youd be sitting where I am now. At least I hope you would.
I have no reason to.
You don't trust me.
No race should be a slave to another.
You're doing this to liberate the Remans?
For thousands of years the Romulan Senate has met in this chamber and dictated the fate of its sister-planet... But the time has come for us to live as equals.
They sent me there to die. How could a mere human survive the dilithium mines? It was...  I was a slave. And a monster. The only thing the Romulan guards hated more than the Remans was me. But one man took pity on me: the man who became my Viceroy. He taught me how to survive. And in that dark place where there was nothing of myself I found my Reman brothers. They showed me the only kindness I ever knew.
How did you end up on Remus?
Our eyes reflect our lives don't they? Yours are so confident.
Yes. The eyes have it.
A lifetime of violence will do that. My nose was broken four times. And my jaw... But so much is the same. The eyes you recognize the eyes.
Not quite. I envy the hair- line.
It's not quite the face you remember.
You'll acquire a taste for it.
Romulan ale -- I'm surprised. I can't stand it.
As happens so frequently here on Romulus a new government came to power. They decided to abandon the plan -- frankly I think they were afraid I'd be discovered and it would lead to war. They weren't ready for that.
What happened?
And when I was ready they were going to replace you with me an exact biological duplicate. Put a Romulan agent at the heart of Starfleet to.influence your command structure. It was a bold plan.
You know I need to verify this.
Come to dinner on Romulus tomorrow. Just the two of us. Or just the one of us.
We need to talk just you and I.
You know I do.
No one knew what to do. Finally I was taken to a doctor who had some experience with Terran illnesses and I was finally diagnosed with Shalaft's syndrome. Do you know of it Captain?
Then perhaps the time has come to add some illumination to our discussion. Computer raise lighting four levels.
But you're also thinking the chance for peace is too promising to ignore. Above allyou're trying to decide if you can trust me.
And you're wondering why the Scimitar is so well armed. Is this the ship of a peacemaker? Or a predator?.
Right now youre thinking this all sounds too good to be true?
I have dissolved the Senate.
And the Senate supports you?
I want to end the centuries of mistrust. I want to be your ally not your enemy. As a first step I propose we eliminate the Neutral Zone and begin a free and open exchange of goods and ideas.
Unity Captain! Tearing down the walls between us to recognize we are one people. Federation and Romulan. Human and Vulcan and Klingon and Reman. I'm speaking of the thing that makes us the same. We want peace.
I would be interested to know what we are talking about.
Yes I'm sorry Captain.  There's so much we have to talk about.
Praetor Shinzon. Were not here to discuss your lack of a social life.
On the world I come from there's no light. No sun. Beauty isn't important. I see now there's a world elsewhere.
Praetor we've come to Romulus on a matter we were -- assured was of great importance. If you have anything to say to us as representatives of the Federation I suggest you do so now.
I am Commander Riker...  May I touch your hair?
I've never met a human woman.
And you're not as we imagined you.
Praetor Shinzon?
I hope you'll forgive the darkness... we're not comfortable in the light.
But Praetor you won't survive without him...
Our greater goal is more important brother.
What about Picard?
Deploy the weapon. Kill everything on that ship. Then set a course for Earth.
Disruptors are off-line sir.
Target disruptors. Destroy them.
Two ships decloaking sir! Romulan!
Praetor we've received the transponder signal.
Intruder alert!
We're being hailed.
Believe it or not I think the cavalry has arrived.
Defensive pattern Kirk Epsilon. Geordi get those shields online.
Minimal damage to the Scimitar.
Should I raise shields?
Runs in the family.
He's a very unusual android.
So theyve got him up and running.
It is... invigorating.
Well that sounds relaxing too.
She is here.
What is it?!! Focus on your job!!
FULL STOP AND FIRE !
You heard me.
Let her pursue -- drop cloak on the aft port quadrant and prepare for full emergency stop.
Seven minutes.
How long until we reach the Rift?
A matter of hours now.
Have the doctors prepare. I'll be on the bridge.'
It's accelerating. You have no more time for games.
Do as I tell you!
No -- this is wasting time.
Find her again.
The bond is broken.
My time. I'll spend it how I choose.
Don't forget our mission Shinzon. We should act. Now. Time is running out.
He's gentler than I thought. And he has a sense of humor.
This is a mistake.
Yes Praetor.
Are we prepared?
And when I return... you and I shall have a little talk about showing proper respect!
For the moment.
Commander Suran the games are over. In two days the Federation will be crippled beyond repair. Does that satisfy you?
And mine is wearing thin young man! We supported you because you promised action. And yet you delay and you waste your time playing games with Picard while--
I thought we discussed patience Commander.
The Enterprise is immaterial! They won't make it back to Federation space.
Now go. I have some personal business.
You must learn patience Commander. Do you know where I learned it? In the dilithium mines of Remus. Spend eighteen hours every day under the ash of a Romulan guards whip and you'll soon understand patience.
Silence Romulan!
Then perhaps you will enlight- en us?
I have a purpose.
And bringing the Enterprise here?! What possible purpose could that serve?
You don't have to understand.
Then I don't understand the reason for the delay!
I came this far alone ...
But surely...
The Scimitar will serve my needs.
Praetor. You have the whole fleet at your disposal. They supported the coup they'll follow you.
How many Warbirds will you need?
It's imperative we retain their allegiance or our great mission will be strangled before it can truly draw breath.
They will obey Praetor.
They're holding position.
Join us Commanders.  Now what's the disposition of the fleet?
Benny this is me. I'm going to take a look.
I don't think so... 
Mike call for back-up.  Benny you all right?
No we can handle this.
Don't you think you should call a backup?
Probably kids.
What did I tell you?
Flew?! Oh come on Benny...
There is. They came out of the belly of the ship and then went to the first terrace and flew down into the houses.
Benny there's nothing there.
It's there. The fog's thicker now but it's there. What do you think started those fires?
I don't see anything.
Right in line with that burning tree.
I don't want to scare them away.
Benny God take it easy...
We should have. Let me see.
Do you have a good map of Death Valley?
It's still the full price.
We're only going to be here a few hours...
I'll have to run your card off now.
Credit card.
Fill this out.  Will this be cash or credit card?
I'll take that.
You have one with two beds?
Thirty-seven fifty for one person forty-nine fifty for two.
How much are your rooms?
What can I do for you folks?
Have a nice trip.
Gate three. It's boarding now.
And don't be shy about your English. You speak better than a lot of people I know.  Take care of yourself.
Well here we are... You go down that ramp there you're sure to get a ride.
It is beautiful.
What do you think of America?
They're damned expensive and a pain in the ass sometimes but I wouldn't trade having them for anything.
Do you have children?
You don't get rich as a cook either believe me. I got a girl going to college this fall. The wife had to go back to nursing to help pay for it.
Make any money?
Hey that sounds interesting. You like it?
I make maps.
What do you do?
I understand.
Food. Eat. I prepare food. I work as a cook. That's how I make money.
About five miles back.
Where's that?
What was your last stop?
Stay right there...
Where did you stop last?
What the hell do you think you're doing?
Where did you stop last?
He's got a gun!!
No!!! No!!!
They must have picked it up in space.
Houston found it in the extraterrestrial's suit.
It's a copy of the plaque NASA sent into space on the Pioneer probes.
Recognize this?
Shermin I want you and Bell to start looking for the one on the ground.
Major Bell here sir. We have to tell these people that we're friendly. That this whole thing was a mistake. Is anyone trying to contact the ship?
We're going... Damn!  We'll tell the press that there was an accident. Chemical warfare spill. That cover cannot be violated in any way. Understand me Shermin?
Shermin!! Shermin!!!
I just retired.
George... Do you hear me George?
I'm afraid we can't let you go.
You're talking about taking a life. The most unique life form on this planet. I think we're better than that.
You're a career intelligence officer Shermin. You'll be in the air with us.
Then you're going to have to do it without me.
No we don't.
That's the chance we have to take.
We'll do that. But how are we going to hold him? He can change himself into a man. He can disappear.
You can change a directive George. You've done it before. Listen to me. He's going somewhere in Death Valley. Lathrop Wells was never anything but a bus stop. East is the nuclear site. There are no roads in there. She was teaching him to hitchhike. I'm telling you. We block the four roads into Death Valley and we got him.
You're not hearing me.
I've never been taken off an assignment in my life. Give me twenty- four hours and I'll have him for you.
Washington thinks it's too late for that.
We don't have to do it that way. We can catch him this time.
We have a new directive. I'm taking over.
What's all this for?
Hello George.
You just do your job Shermin. We'll make the policy.
I'm not being unpatriotic and I'm doing my damndest to catch them. Bell's up on 80 and I'm down here on 70 past Grand Junction. They're heading west. If they're not flying we have a damn good chance of getting them. All I'm asking is that you people think about it.
Is that what's affecting your performance?
Maybe... look this is just something to think about... from what I got at the shopping center it was more scared than anything else... I don't feel it's as big a threat as you think it is...
So far you've let it cross the heart of America. For two days it has been absorbing information that is detrimental to our security. I don't see the humor in that.
George listen to what you're saying. This thing's changed itself into a man. Disappearing may not be that big a deal.
I don't care where you're from you just can't disappear into thin air.
I'll make this as simple as I can George. They disappeared.
We're growing very concerned back here. There's no use pretending otherwise. We're rapidly approaching a 'condition red.' People are beginning to ask difficult questions.
I'm gonna be here if you need anything.
You'll get results one way or the other that's for sure... Okay.
We don't know what else to do. We need results.
It's messy... the thing's got a gun... We're just asking for somebody to get killed...
Dammit Shermin. Earlier you were asking for help. What's changed?
I don't like it George...
I'm afraid the situation demands that kind of risk.
You sure you want this because... that's putting an awful lot of faith in people we have no control over...
The extraterrestrial now looks like this.
It's made itself look like the woman's dead husband.
Clarify that.
It's taken on a disguise.
Why did you let it get into a populated area?
Yes. It's kidnapped a woman at gunpoint and from what we can make out is forcing her to drive it somewhere.
It's in a green Mustang?
Well we're in pursuit of a green Mustang...
When can we expect containment?
George we've just confirmed the existence of the live extraterrestrial.
You have to. We're trying to contact the ship. If we do I'll let you know immediately. Good luck.
Don't let them do it this way George. It's too important. We can't find this thing alone.
We've been back and forth on this all day and keeping in mind the panic that would occur if this got to the general public it's been decided not to expand the search at this time.
That's not going to happen George unless you get us the help you promised us.
We'll get those answers when you find the one you're looking for.
Not necessarily bad! If they knew we were here why didn't they let us know they were coming?
We don't think that's necessarily bad. At least it's a point of contact.
Then it's not an accident that they found us.
What do you mean by 'contain?'
Contain it and get back to me.
Wait wait... What are my orders if we find this thing?
I'm going to the White House right now. I'll try and get you everything you need.
We'll need a lot of help George. You could hide an army up here.
Neither did I.
Get the body out of there. Load it on the Air Force chopper and get it to Wright Patterson. They'll take it from there... We didn't expect this Shermin.
None. And there's another one in the area that's alive. I don't know if it's the only one. I don't know if it was left here by accident or it's part of an inva...
Is there any possibility that it's a hoax? Could you be mistaken?
I saw it with my own eyes. We've killed an extraterrestrial and...
There's no mistake? You're absolutely sure?
It's real George.
Watch it. They're coming out.
I won't let anyone hurt you.
If I don't speak to Mr. Shermin I'm hanging up.
You can speak to me Mrs. Haydn. I'm in charge of this operation now.
I want to speak to Marc Shermin.
This is George Fox...
Mrs. Haydn...
Is he on his way to Lathrop Wells?
He doesn't want to hurt anybody. Please leave him alone.
Mrs. Haydn...
Do you know what you were kidnapped by?
Mr. Shermin I'm hanging up now. If you want to ask me any questions call me at home in a couple of days. I'm in the book.
Marc Shermin.
Mr... I'm sorry what was your name again?
Get a highway patrol unit over there.
I told you. He let me go. I'm on my way home.
Is the man who kidnapped you there now?
No. You'll want to ask a lot of questions I don't want to answer right now. I already have a ride.
You've been through quite an ordeal Mrs. Haydn. Why don't you stay where you are and let us pick you up? We'll fly you home.
I don't know. Someplace called Elmo's. Look I just wanted to tell you that I'm all right and I'm on my way home.
This is Marc Shermin. Where are you Mrs. Haydn?
Tell the baby about me.
I'm never going to see you again am I?
I love you.
You say you love me and kiss me 'goodbye.'
What do I do now?
I said I would get you to your ship and that's where we're going to say goodbye.
Thank you Jennyhaydn. You are good. I must go alone now.
Where do you think you're going?
I will wave to you.
Oh wow... I'll tell you what. When the baby is born we'll go out in my back yard and wave to you.
The yellow one.
No thank you.
I'm sure we could find a country and western station.
Many many days and nights...
How long will it take you to get home?
You want the baby to laugh at me.
Would you put some of your singing in this for the baby?
I'd like to...
If you want to keep it you can.
This is yours...
I will say that we can be friends.
What will you say about us?
Many of my people will not believe those things are possible. On my planet there is only one government one people one language. I will be asked a lot of questions.
It'll give you the different countries how they came to be what they are now how America came to be the governments the languages... everything.
I understand.
Any words you don't know you can find in the dictionary.
This is very interesting. We are born knowing our history. We have other books. But not a book like this.
It'll tell you pretty much everything about us...
If I ever run into that guy I'm going to kick his ass.
The cook again?
Inflation tuition college. Children are damned expensive. I know.
I don't need any money for the baby. I'll be fine.
I want to get money for you and the baby.
You won ten dollars. Big deal. If we don't get a good ride before dark we could miss your ship.
I know how to gamble now.
This is crazy. We don't have time for this.
I understand.  Thank you.
Here are two quarters. When you lose these you're not going to get anymore.
I want to gamble.
May I have twenty-five cents please?
You don't make money gambling. You lose it.
The cowboys were right. You can make money fast gambling.
You will have this baby. If you want it. If you don't I can stop it now.
I told you it's impossible for me to have a baby.
It will be human and it will look like this.  But when it comes it will know everything I know and everything you know. That is something from my planet that I want your baby to have.
You have been very good to me Jennyhaydn.  You said you wanted a baby so I gave you one.
Yes they are.
They are beautiful.
I gave you a baby last night.
Oh you're pretty...
I understand.
No they don't talk... We talk to them.
Do they talk?!
Hello... hello. How are you this morning?
You don't forget anything do you?
Good morning.
I do not get cold.
You're damn right I am.
You are cold.
We'll get a ride in the morning.
I can't be late. I don't know if the radio balloons work above your planet. I don't know if my words went to the ship. If I'm not there the captain will think I'm dead and go.
Let's find a place out of the rain. I'm sure we'll get a ride in the morning.
I used the last one to jump off the cliff...
Why don't you send one of your radio balloons and tell your captain that you might be late?
We're too far away to walk. Don't you understand?
You can stop. I will go on alone.
What are you saying?
What do you want from me? There are no cars on this road. I didn't ask for this stupid storm.
You promised.
I will. I will. We still have another day.
You promised you would get me to my ship.
No one's traveling in this weather.
I can't stay on this planet.
We're not going to get a ride tonight.
Where did you learn that?
We're hundreds of miles from where you have to be.
I feel better if I move.
Why can't we wait here for a ride?
I must meet my ship.
Where are you going?
I don't want you to be hurt.
You shit! I'll decide if I go or not. Not you. I don't know what you do on your planet but I didn't think that was very nice walking out on me like you did.
I will go. But not you.
Please understand. If you go this way you'll never get to your ship. The police know about Lathrop Wells. We have to go another way. I'll get you to your ship. I promise.
If I don't meet the ship my people will go home without me.
The police know about Lathrop Wells. We have to go another way. Come on.
This car will take me to Las Vegas. I cannot go back.
The police are waiting for you up ahead. There's a roadblock. You have to go back.
I told you goodbye. Why are you here?
No. I'm just not tired. Let's go.
Are you angry at me?
I'm not sleepy anymore. Let's drive for a little while longer.
You can have one.
No. Get in.
The machine gave me two. Should I put one back?
On the radio they say it's good.
You shouldn't drink so much of that stuff. It's bad for you.
But I have never seen this before. I am not complete.
Put that back.
Yes. Sing some more.
You liked my singing?
That was beautiful.
I am not a good singer.
Don't be afraid... I'd really like to hear it.
I do not want to.
I'd like to hear it. Can you sing something?
Do you have music up there?
Not all... but it feels like a kiss.
I've noticed... Do you understand what they're saying?
I like this music.
I don't know.
Nobody knows.
I am your friend.
Are you my friend?
What are you doing?
What is hell?
Sounds like your captain's going to get hell when he gets back home.
I understand.
The police shouldn't have started shooting. But you can hardly blame them. You surprised them. They didn't know you were up there. When they saw you they thought you were here to hurt us.
He was a good friend... The captain took the ship away fast and I was not in the ship.
A friend is a person that is good to you... someone you like to be with... someone you like to laugh with...
I don't understand 'friend.'
Oh that's terrible. I'm sorry. Was he a good friend?
The captain wanted to land to see close and to get some things from Earth to take home. The police came and shot at us. One of the people from my ship was killed.
The captain...
We told our home and the people who tell us what to do on my planet said to come and look but not to talk not to land not to shoot. Just to look from up there. We came and... the driver of my ship...
You did? That's funny. So did we.
We were doing a map of the stars and all the other things up there when we saw a small ship. My... eh... we kidnapped it. On it there was a map that said how to come to Earth. This was very important. Before then we thought we were the only people in all the stars.
Stars... When a sun is far away we call it a 'star.'
No. My ship was doing a map of all the suns and...
You thought we were a different planet?!
It was a mistake.
Why did your ship land on this planet... on Earth?
I was afraid.
What happened?
It's a kiss...  Goodbye...
Please stay.
Jennyhaydn.
Yes. I have a long ride ahead of me...  Goodbye.
Well... I'm going to go now.
Don't be afraid. Do what I told you and you'll be okay.
Can I have the gun?
Don't worry. They're not going to hurt you. Come on.  Only show this to the driver. Nobody else. And don't lose it.
Tomorrow morning. Start hitch-hiking right away and...
When do I get to Lathrop Wells?
Not every car but... a car will stop... Maybe not the first car... maybe number eight number fifteen...
The car will stop?
Your thumb tells the driver that you want a ride.
You keep this. Now this is hitch- hike...  You stand on the side of the road the highway... you understand? And you face the cars going in the direction you want to go. When you see a car or a truck coming you stick out your thumb like this...
'Lathrop Wells please. I do not speak English.'
Then don't be smart.
You want this ticket?
'Las Vegas please. I do not speak English.' What is hitchhike?
Right. In Omaha the driver will put you on the bus for Salt Lake City and the new driver will take...  ...this part. When you get to Salt Lake City ask the driver 'Las Vegas please'...
I do not speak English.
Will you please do it my way? You'll get into trouble if you don't. If anybody talks to you tell them... I do not speak English.
But I speak English.
The driver will...
'Salt Lake City please. I do not speak English.'
That's easy. I'll explain that in a minute. This is your ticket. When you get on the bus here the driver will take this part. You will ride to Omaha. When you get to Omaha ask the driver. 'Salt Lake City please. I do not speak English.'
What is hitchhike?
I know that. But the buses don't go there.
But I must go here.
I can't... Forget the baby. Okay? The closest I was able to get you was Lathrop Wells. You'll have to hitchhike the rest of the way.
I'd love to have a baby. But I can't...
No... The closest...
Do you have a baby?
Eh... yes...
A baby is a new person?
Is that a baby?
The closest I was able to get you was Lathrop Wells...
When we get here.
Do you understand what I'm saying to you? You can keep the car.  That should be enough for gas from here to there. Please let me go.
I feel like I'm going crazy here. You're Scott. But he's dead. I don't know what's real anymore. I can't be here with you.
Then let me go. You don't need me.
You'll keep the car. I'll take a bus...  Am I going up there with you... in your ship... up there?
I won't tell anybody if that's what you're worried about. I promise. You'll keep...
I need you.
That's not much time. I'll just slow you down. I have to sleep. I'm very tired. And I have to wash and eat. You don't...
Three nights... two days.
How many days and nights do you have to go...  ...here?
Yes. Day... night.
Sun... day. No sun... night. You understand?
How will I do this one?...
I do not understand.
When do you have to be here?
My...  ...car will take me...  ...up there... home.
Why are you going here? What is here?
You better.
I will see it next time.
You didn't even see it.
It was yellow.
That was a red light!! I told you you have to stop at a red light!!
What's the matter?
This stuff could kill...  Be my guest.
I want to try it.
You want to try it?
What is...  ...Coke?
Satisfied? Now get out. Out.
You. Mouth closed.
In your pocket please...
Oh God! You're going to get us both killed. Okay... in your pocket...
Attendant. He'll give us gas. Put the gun down. Under the seat. Under the seat...
Stop!! Enough!! Jesus! You're worse than a parrot!!
Shit... shit... what shit?
No no... don't say that. Bad word.
No. I don't know what you are but you're not Scott.
I am husband?
My... husband.
Up there... I... eh... can't explain...  But that's the only place you could be from.
Are you from up there? Space?
That's a big help. Where are you from?
Who are you?
Jennyhaydn.
I am Jenny Haydn.
Who is he? Who is she? Who are you? Who am I?  Who are you?
Not what. Who. What is for things.  What? What? What? What? For people you use who. Who is he?  Who is she?  Who are you?  Who am I?
You'll see.
It's closed... closed. We need one that's open.
Yes. Very good.
No gas... car dead.  We need gas. I don't want to get shot for running out of gas.
This car runs on gas.
You're full of tricks aren't you?
Minneapolis... good.
What are you doing?
Minneapolis... Minneapolis...
Minneapolis.
Smile... good?
We're going to have to stop for gas soon.
Mi-chi-gan driver li-see-ens... Jennyhaydn... Money?
Flashlight.
Steering wheel... gear shift... dashboard...
Eh... police.
Gear shift.
Gear shift.
Steering wheel.
Steering wheel.
Steering wheel...
Ah... no...
Which way do you want to go?
Why are you doing this to me? I'll give you whatever...
Don't... don't do this... please...
He doesn't understand... just walk away...
Oh God man... don't shoot me... My mistake... I'm sorry...
Hey she doesn't want to go with you. Come on.
Hey buddy... let her go...
Call the police!!
Jesus Christ!! You crazy people...
He's kidnapping me!!!
You could have killed us both!!
Don't worry. I'll be all right.
I have nothing to do. I'd like to help you.
Wait. Could I have your autograph?
It's easier not to tell if you don't know.
Why wouldn't he want to go through the roadblock?... What did you guys do?... I won't tell anybody.
Pull over. I've got to get back there.
The five-fifty. We already passed it. But it'll take him way out of his way.
If he didn't want to go through the roadblock is there any other way to get to Vegas?
I'm telling you you're going to find him at the roadblock or right after or not at all.
Would be kinda neat if they were. I think I could outrun them. Maybe get my picture in the papers.
What? No of course not.
They after you?
This is going to be a real drag. I thought you wanted to go fast.
I don't know where he is.
In the cars too?!
I told you I'm looking for someone.
Geez Mrs. Haydn we just got going.
Slow down slow down.
My grandmother's rich.
You sure this is your car?
We're ready.
You get that Lyman?
Tell him I'm not here.
Maybe he's turned her into one of them. They enter the crowd around the helicopter.
Doesn't make sense.
I know. She bought him a ticket for Lathrop Wells and put him on the bus. He didn't stay on though and they drove off together.
Did your people have any contingencies rehearsed?
Bell wants us to get down on our knees and bow.
Good... It looks like we might be the welcoming committee so I think we should try and figure out what we're gonna do if we have to come face to face with this creature.
Any reports about monsters people in Halloween masks anything like that?
That's because the ones that were hurt died. They couldn't talk to you.
Give it a rest Lyman.
This is crazy. What were we going to do if that had been the ship? We have two thirty calibre machine guns three M16's and some handguns.
I wouldn't worry about it... There might not be any little league tomorrow.
Aghh... I'm supposed to umpire a little league game tomorrow.
Is it for real?
You jerk! You look at all the sweetness and light and goodness you think'll come out of this. You know what's gonna come out of this... The end of religion the end of civilization the end of the earth. We could become slaves we could become a colony of these things. Don't you see that? Are you too stupid to see that?
You have no conception of this do you?
Jesus Lyman you're an ignorant fool.
Save us all a lot of trouble.
They're gonna let some local cop blow him away.
Then why did they try and sneak in the back door? Tell me that. Why didn't they contact us first and say...
I'm telling you they're probably friendly.
It was the husband. The police finally got a hold of the witness at work and showed him a picture of the woman.
Nothing up there... The grass is matted down in a few places but that could have been anything.
The police think he was high on drugs...
It was a man though... right?
Listen to this.  A woman was kidnapped in Eau Claire this morning. When a citizen went to her rescue the kidnapper threatened him with a gun and shouted at him in a strange 'clicking gibberish'...
It was kind of like clicking maybe a language wasn't it?
How would you describe the sounds we heard coming out of that thing's helmet?
I tried it once... Fourteen years ago... 'I was a lousy husband and a worse father. The only thing I'm good at is this... At least until yesterday.
To the same woman?
Twenty-eight years.
You married Major?
I know but...
It was only an accident that we discovered them.
There's nothing... No reports of sightings or landings or anything... in the other parts of the country or overseas... Seems like a totally isolated incident.
We better get it into the box. Come on...
I've been investigating sightings for seventeen years Mr. Shermin. This one's real. We have a dead extra- terrestrial in that tent and another one in the area that might be alive. We've been visited. It's finally happened and the sooner Washington accepts that and starts figuring out how we're going to deal with these beings the better off we're going to be.
People have made mistakes in these situations before.
After I called in I had a chance to sit down with the three locals. They swear there's another one that didn't make the ship... It might be alive.
It could have been anything.
No sir. Radar.
Was there visual contact?
We had a flight of F16's play tag with the spaceship over Michigan for an hour. Then it shot straight up and disappeared.
Wait'll you see it.
There's a good chance you could be wrong about this thing then...
Can you see under the faceplate?
Not on the landscape. We're trying to get a tube under the faceplate for a reading on possible deadly lifeforms but it's hard going.
Any signs of biological contamination excessive radiation anything like that?
Very beautiful country up here...
This has always been my favorite time of day.
I'm a cook. Do you understand 'cook?'
I don't understand.
Good job neither do I. What do you do for a living?
Parlez vous Francais?... Habla Ingles?... Sprechen zie deutsch?
I don't understand.
Las Vegas please. I do not speak English.
Where are you going?
Scott Haydn is dead. He died about three months ago. We went to the funeral.
I know what I saw. I've seen him enough times.
You know that's impossible!
Well maybe these men won't think so. We were asleep when a helicopter woke me up. It made me so nervous I went into the kitchen for something to eat. I happened to look out the window and there was Scott Haydn with this green thing draped over his arm pulling Jenny down the walk to the car.
Judy that's stupid.
I told you...
We will.  Something's wrong here. She's helping him now.
That's what I thought. So remember it was me because sometimes rewards come late you know.
I wouldn't think so.
Eh... the store tells you to call when there's trouble so they won't get sued... But that shouldn't matter if there's a reward right?
Hey... he didn't look like no big time criminal to me.
You saw that?
Hey it's none of my business why you're chasing a retard... You want my opinion it's the girl. She had to hold the guy's hand all the way to the car like he was a kid.
Yeah thanks. We appreciate that.
Because I'm the one who called the police you know.
Huh?... Eh... no there isn't
Is there a reward in this?
Hold on a minute... Let's take the chance George.
If I talk to you I will miss my ship.
All the roads into Death Valley are blocked. We'd like to talk to you.
I don't want to hurt anybody. I just want to go home.
We can't let you do that.
I must get to my ship Mr. Shermin.
Just not the eyes.
I already got a real one.  Come on it won't be too bad.  It's not personal.
Okay cash!  Logical.  Here's everything I have on me what do you say?  How about a Rolex?
Come on let's go I got to get back.
It's always politics.  Like this thing we're in here he's paying you to tune me up right?  But I could pay you more not to.  See what I mean?  I could write you a check right now--
Bullshit politics.
I saw you play man.  You were good. Like a fucking freight train I remember saying.  So what happened injuries or what?
Yeah that's right.
A star is born.
No problem.
Some tips.  Don't dart your eyes around.  Don't look in the mirror or you'll ID yourself.  OK?  You got a half hour of tape so give me some lead-in to the main event.  But don't wait too long I don't want to be going out for popcorn.  And don't act natural.  Don't act at all. Just forget the thing is on.  Got it?
Yeah right.
You said you were going to get her out of this.
You're going down.
I made my choice Lenny.
A tragic story no doubt.  How'd you get up here?
Look Tran... Lenny just came by to give me some bad news.  An old friend of mine has been murdered. You remember Iris?
Paranoia's only reality on a finer scale.
You're too goddamned paranoid.
He's no concern of mine as long as you don't talk to him.  Don't talk to anybody.  You understand?  Not with everything that's going on right now.
Leave him alone Tran.
Lenny the loser.  Panhandler of stolen dreams.
Joey make sure Mr. Nero gets safely to his car.
We have nothing to talk about Lenny.
'We might as well make the best of it.'
And then she said 'Since we're going to be spending so much time together--'
Uh huh.  And I said 'That's good because I like the feeling of someone watching me.  I acquired the taste from Lenny.'
I said 'Yeah.  I'd even do it for free.'
I know.  I don't always do exactly what I'm told.  So I said 'Do you enjoy watching me?'  And you said -- come on Max.
You were supposed to go downstairs baby.
Look baby it's now of never... the guy is a known input junkie so a little OD won't surprise anybody. It's the only way we can be together.  You know it's true.
Hey he was going to kill you.  And this ratfuck paid to have Iris killed to save his own sorry ass.
I'm not.  Just a little poach job.
You can't just... kill him.
What're you going to do?
Believe it.  Now bring me the trodes baby.  Come on quick.
Oh my God.  I don't believe this is happening.
This piece of puke hired me to kill you baby.  Do you believe that? Isn't that right Tran?  You pinhead.
What a nightmare.
The killer knew right where she was. Because he put her there.
You think Tran killed her?
Yeah... he figured out what to do all right.
So finally he gives Iris some cash and tells her to check into the hotel under a wrong name till he figures out what to do.
No.  Mace is in this.
We should talk alone.
How did it happen?  What was Iris doing riding around with Jeriko wearing a wire?
Oh God Lenny.  I was trying to keep you out of this.
Faith we know about Jeriko.  Iris made me a copy of the tape.
What's going on?
You don't know what you're fucking with here.
I have a gun.  It's under my bed.
Then what?  Then what Lenny?!  You going to protect me?  Big tough guy. You're a talker Lenny.  You don't even have a gun.
Don't know.  But this guy's real damaged goods.  Iris knew someone was after her... and she said you were in danger too.  Now no more games Faith.  Whatever you're hiding whatever's going on you have to get out of here now. Come with me right now.  Don't even think about it.
Who did it?
Iris is dead.  She was murdered.
You're crazier than I thought Lenny.  Coming here... Tran's just in there.
Can't do it.
Yeah for about a month now.  Lenny just stay away from Tran okay?  And stay away from me.  Stop trying to rescue me.  Those days are over. I'm a big girl now.  Stop trying to save me okay because I don't need saving... Just... give up on me.
Max Pelcher?  You're kidding?
You have to get out of here.  If Tran catches you he'll... he's acting crazy.  He's doing way too much playback and he's getting completely paranoid.  He's such a control freak he's even paying Max to follow me around.
It's you up on that stage not him. You don't need him.
Damn right.
Look baby I've watched you create yourself out of nothing.  You're like a goddamn cruise missile targeted on making it.  And you will.
Come on Faith!  He's just toying with you.  And when he gets bored you'll be yesterday's papers.
What?  He gonna record you on his label?
He has his uses too.
Why don't you just split?  You don't love him anybody can see that.  And to him you're just some kinda possession like a Ferrari something to show the other guys.
That's a good one coming from you.
It's Tran isn't it?  This guy is poison Faith.  Listen to me.  He's got you walled in on all sides.  And he uses the wire too much he gets off on tape not on you.
Let it alone Lenny.  It'll take care of itself.
I know you Faith.  You're afraid of something.  What's going on?
Well I haven't seen her in months. Who knows what's going on in her head.  You're really running out of excuses to come around aren't you?
You talked to Iris?  When?
Yeah OK whatever you say.  Just answer one question.  Is anything wrong?  Iris said you might be in trouble.
You have to go.  I mean it.
I'm already hurting.
I know.  Lenny if Tran finds you talking to me he'll hurt you.
Hi baby.  I've missed you.
Faith call me okay?
I just got to talk to you for one second.
I don't think that's a good idea Lenny.
Too bad about your guy Jeriko. Tough break.
Cut it out Tran.
Make me forget it baby.
Forget it's there.
I don't feel anything.  Is it on?
I just want to see what we're like together through your eyes.
I feel like you're turning me into a VCR.
Watch and see.
Hey you going to watch or you going to do?
You nervous?  Forget it.  The cops have more to worry about in this city than the squid-trade believe me--
Yeah I'm interested but can we get someplace a little less public?
Step into my office.
What?  Right Here?
Listen before we get into numbers I want you to try a taste.  I got a deck with me.
Talk to me about costs here.
I can get you what you want.  You just have to talk to me.  I'm your priest your shrink your main connection to the switchboard of souls.  I'm the Magic Man the Santa Claus of the Subconscious.  You say it you even think it you can have it.  You want a girl you want two girls?  I don't know what your thing is or what you're curious about... you want a guy?  You want to be a girl... see what that feels like? You want a nun to tie you up?  It's all doable.
Sounds good.
Exactly anything.  Whatever you want.  Whoever you want to be.  Fabri get us another round would you.
What kind of things exactly?
That's right.  Clips.  Look I want you to know what we're talking about here.  This isn't like TV only better.  This is life.  It's a piece of somebody's life.  Pure and uncut straight from the cerebral cortex.  You're there. You're doing it seeing it hearing it... feeling it.
I'll set you up get you a deck at my cost... since my thing is the software.
Just what I've read.  That the technology was developed for the Feds to replace the body wire.  And now it's gone black market.  So uh do I get the deck from you?
A virgin brain!  Well we're going to start you off right.  So what do you know about this?  Save us some time...
That's right.
You understand?  Attorney!  Right? Am I right?
I understand.  No I'm not.
This dink hires me a month ago to eyeball her right?  But Faith knows me from you right so she comes up to me and says 'Hey Max why you following me?' I say 'I'll buy you a drink and explain.' And she says...
How did you hook up with Faith?
Yeah.  Pretty zany huh?  All this shit caused by a random traffic stop.  Hey... nothing means nothing. You know that.  Look around... the whole planet's in total chaos.  You gotta take what you can while you can.  Cause some shitbird can come up and put a fuckin' .22 in the back a your head any second.
Just those two loose-cannon cops running around covering their butts.
So there never was a death squad.
You got froggy on me a couple times.
You must be so pleased I followed your jellybean trail right here like a good little chump.
No plan is perfect Lenny.  Hey cheer up.  World's gonna end in ten minutes anyway.
And who was regrettably also your best fucking friend.
Only he doesn't know about me and Faith.  So I say to myself if I turn the job down he just gets somebody else.  And I lose Faith... to coin a phrase.  So to buy time I do the skank.  I still gotta do something about Tran... I figure it's him or me... but I can't cap him without a chump to take the fall.  And who better than his girlfriend's loser ex-boyfriend... a known criminal... who has been seen hassling them in public numerous times.
I know.  So I'm working for this puke right?  And he says he'll pay me quite large to do the hooker. But also I gotta do his bitch girlfriend cause she knows the whole score and she's totally out of control.
I won't say anything.
Picture it... I feel like I gotta share this with somebody.  It's too perfect.
You bet.  Did you like it?
Was I a really busy guy?  Did I do Tick too?
That's right.  They'll find the original of her snuff clip in your apartment.  The one I left for you at the club was a copy.
Wait a minute.  Now I'm remembering. I killed Iris too didn't I?
That's pretty much the way it happened.
So... I killed Tran.  Then you ran in being on his payroll and shot me.
You know statistically that's the second most common word people say right before they die.  Shit being number one.
You just did.
What makes you think I'm gonna kill Tran?
I sent her to the party.  I figured I'd wait up here until you killed Tran.
Where's Faith?
I'll have that.  Glock 22.  Nice.
Only way I could stand your ties.
No.  I suppose not.  I didn't know you were colorblind Max.
I intend to.
2-2-0-3.  Got it.  Stay on her.
Come on!  If he gives us any shit we kill 'em all.  Whattya say?  Just get your butt down here.  If I'm not at the shindig downstairs go to the room.  It's 2203.  You writin'?
This is what we laughingly refer to as a plan right?
Give him the tape.  See?  It's fucking brilliant!  The tape for Faith.  I know he'll go for it.  I can set it up.
What do you mean?
He's got her up in the room under guard.  And he's still working the party... acting smooth like nothin's nothin'.  So buddy... I say we work a trade.
No.  Bad idea.
Okay... what about Strickland?
Mace... no disrespect... but you run this on the 11 o'clock news by midnight you got the biggest riot in history.  They'll see the fucking smoke from Canada.
Thanks buddy.  See... things weren't bad enough.  They weren't fucking bad enough!
Yeah.  So don't walk near me in public alright.
Smoke.  Rumors.  I've heard stuff about a death squad.  A group a guys loyal to the hardline school.  Guys that've had too many years of city hall and the review boards and the goddamn media pissing down their necks suspending cops right and left tying their hands... while outa the other side a their mouths these same people're squealing save us save us do something you fucking morons crime is totally out of control.
What stuff?
All I'm saying... you don't know how high up the food chain this thing goes.  I've heard stuff.
Whattya mean?
No.  But his frontal lobes are like two runny eggs.  They put an amplifier in-line to boost the signal till it french-fried his brain.
Is he dead?
He's been cooked-off
You may be a little overdressed for this party.  Yo Tick!  It's Lenny.  Open up!
Sounds like Tick's already celebrating.
I'm on her amigo.  No worries. Gotta jam.
He's in this somehow... I don't know how.  Just stay close to Faith.
Yup.  Hey so I heard you dropped in on Tran last night.  Another slick Lenny move.
Looks like she was holding out.
Yeah.  She's leaving with Tran so I got to boogie.  Real quick... Iris checked into the Sheraton last night under a false name.  Paid cash.
Hey the last day of the world and you spend it in bed.
That's right.  He wants to share. Needs an audience.  This is one sick puppy.
He makes her see her own death feeds off the reaction... killer and victim merging... orgasm and agony merging.  And he records it all.
But this is a bad one.
So've I.  Too much.
So she feels... what he feels... while he's in her.  The thrill while he's killing her... is sent to her heightening her fear... which in turn heightens the turn on for him.  I've seen a lot Max.
But at the same time he's sending the signal to her--
He records himself raping and killing her--
And he records it.  Thrill kill. Wants to see it again.  And again.
He stalks her.  He rapes her.  Then he does her...
Come on Lenny.  You used to be good at this stuff.  Play it down. What's the perp doing?
Not now... I don't want to think about it--
Let's work it.
Yeah.  No not really.
You alright?  Y'okay?
I'm on her.
Fairly twisted logic Max even for you.  Hey at least you got a job!  Watch her for me.  Stay on her.
I figured what the hell I could take the prick's money and make sure Faith was OK at the same time.  Do us both good.  Right?
You should feel like shit.
I was gonna tell ya.  Hey it's just a job.  I feel like shit about it.
Shoulda told me about your new gig buddy.
Shutup a second!
I'm telling ya it's over.  We used it all up--
An ex-cop that doesn't carry.  It's embarrassing.  I oughta not be seen with you.  Hey Mace.  What's goin' on?
Uh unh carrying a gun wrecks the line of a fine jacket.
See if you packed your piece you could've made the guy see sense.
Hey Iris you okay?
I just hate to see you pining away. It makes me want to vomit frankly.  Broken hearts are for assholes.
Thanks Max.  I'm touched by your concern.
Just as well Lenny.  You gotta get past it.  I mean sure Faith was by far the most outstanding woman a guy like you could ever hope to get I mean it's completely and deeply humiliating that she's gone but it's over campadre.
Naw.  She won't call me.
Yup.  So darn lucky.  I wake up with a .22-short floating in my brainpan and a cop pension I can't live off of.  Good thing I wasn't any luckier.  Bobby!  Another shooter right here!
You were lucky Max.
It's the one thing that stands between me and the jungle.
That's not sayin' much.
This tie cost more than your entire wardrobe.
D'you always have to dress like a fuckin' pimp?
Thanks Max.
Bobbyyyy!  Tequila por favor! Double shots.  Make it Tres Generaciones huh.  Nothin' but the best for my good friend Lenny the finest cop that ever got thrown off the vice squad.  Hey nice tie.
Least you can do.
Come on amigo the world's full of marks.  And nobody knows how to work 'em like you do pal.  You could sell a goddamn rat's asshole for a wedding ring!  Let me buy you a drink.
Okay.  It was funny.  But it cost me money.
You see the look on that preppy puke's face?  Fuckin' pissed in his Topsiders.
She never gave me a tape.
I don't know man she wouldn't let me see it.  Said I wouldn't want to see it.  She said she was going to give it to you to hold for her. Like insurance or somethin'
What clip?  What was it?
Yeah she came by last night. Shaking like a junkie wanting me to make a copy of some clip.
Wait wait... wait a minute.  Iris was here?!
Iris man.  Pay attention.
Who was just here?
Well it's cutting awful close to me.  I mean she was just here.
Lookit you see the peak period ratios there?  Could be some kind of tumor or brain lesion or something. Some kind of trauma  This is not good.  I don't like this at all...
Well... the guy's fucked up.
Skip the art criticism Tick what can you tell me about the wearer.
Whoa.  That is one unbelievable piece of eyefuck.
What else you got?
Ha!  That's for fucking sure.
I said that?  Look I'll take it for five and you'll make out okay because in this case it's pure cream you don't have to cut anything back to the wearer.
Hey you're always saying 'Bring me real life.  Bring me street life. And like one man's mundane and desperate existence is another man's Technicolor.'
Sure like this low-grade shit here some girl in a fight with her boyfriend... it's a test-pattern. Nothing happens.  I'm snorin'.
Now that is cold Lenny.  I always bring you choice.
Yeah well the first part's okay. Better than the usual soaps you bring me.
Give me six at least.  This's a good clip here.  Gets you pumpin'.
Come on Lenny.  I got expenses.  I got to get this rig fixed.  Look at it...
So lay it off to somebody else.
Yeah when did that start?  Come on man!  It's what people want to see and you know it.
I don't deal black-jack clips!  It's policy.  I got ethics here.
Fuck that!  The last part's the best.  You dry-dive six stories and blammo!  Jack right into the Big Black.
Tick.  Not to dash your hopes but I don't deal this kind of product you know that.  I'll give you four for it cause I've gotta cut off the last bit.  And my customers want uncut.
I got ways Lenny I got ways.  Okay okay... I got a deal with some a the paramedics.  My guy pages me and I pick it up at the morgue.  So whaddya think?  This clip's gotta be worth at least a grand.  Right?
Yeah but how'd it get to you?
With all the blood I guess they didn't see the rig.  Guy had it under a wig.
How'd you get the tape?  Why didn't the cops put it in evidence?
Well you could've at least warned me.  You know I hate the zap... when they die.  It just brings down your whole day.  Jeez Tick.
Don't have a fucking coronary Lenny.
I do mean it.  And I mean this... if Faith stays you go away and never come back. You scuttle back into your cockroach hole and never cross my vision again.  You understand?
It's alright.  He means it.
Uh huh.  Look Nero.  I'll make you an offer.  Take her.  Right now.  If she wants to go if she's unhappy here she can go.  I'll let her choose.  Faith always knows what she wants.  Hands off.  See?
That would be between me and Faith wouldn't it?
About what?
Faith can I talk to you a second?
I always do.
Yeah important for your label. Which no doubt is why you're in mourning.  Don't worry his records'll sell out now he's dead. You'll make out.
Show a little respect Nero.  The man was an important artist.
I already got everything I need from you.
You're not a client anymore Tran. I wouldn't sell you the sweat off a dead dog's balls.
You come to peddle me some tapes Lenny?  For old time's sake?  Make a couple bucks for the holidays?
Your existence.
Your sex life?
I don't like disappointments Nero. And do you know what disappoints me very much?
I was invited here by a close friend Mr. Fumitsu see he's right over there.
Aren't you peddling your wares a little far from your usual gutter?
Sure.  Whatever.  See since you shitcanned my career I don't even have to call you sir.  One of life's small pleasures.
Commissioner Strickland.
Strickland.
Yeah.  See you there.
See you downtown.
Well...  Get going.  You're still bleeding.
Yeah.  We did.
Hey Lenny.  We made it.
Naw.  They just have to ask us a few questions... for about six hours.
Are we under arrest?
Yeah right.  Fucked.
Then we'll be right where we are now.
Oh boy.  What if you're wrong?
No.  Trust me.
A cop?  You want me to trust a cop?!
Take it to him.
Exactly.  That's why it's a make- able deal.
That's the original.  There are no copies.
I still got one ace to play.  Tran's got what I want... and I've got what he wants...
And do what?  Take on his whole posse?
Alright.  We're going up.
You see Tran?
No.  They must have sent it to my beach house by mistake.
Got your ticket?
Good Lenny.  I can see why the detective gig didn't work out.  Come on.
Mace... you're a girl.
No it's not.
But she was different.  There was a light in her eyes... and she had this voice.  It was scary all that pain coming out of that little body. Like she could take all the hurt and rage of the entire world and lift it up to heaven in one voice.  I helped her.  And I promised her that I'd always be there... to protect her.  See?  It's not about what's in her head.  It's what's in mine.  I can't let go of the promise.  It's... like... it's all I have left.
You never told me.
I worked Vice Narcotics... Violent Crimes... and I saw every known depravity.  I was lost Mace.  In outer darkness.  Then I busted this strung-out little teeny-hooker. When I met Faith she was just another runaway giving twenty dollar blowjobs to buy crank.  Another lost soul.
No.  It didn't.
And it didn't stop you from wanting to protect them.  Did it?
It didn't stop you from loving them. Right?  Or understanding them or being able to forgive them...
Yeah.  Lenny.  I have.
Lenny... shutup.  Just park your mouth and listen.  It's a set-up. Think about it!  Why's he been sending you tapes?  To freak you get you to rush in without thinking. Then they put one in you put one in her put the gun in your hand... crime of passion.  This guy's bent enough to think of that.
Whatya mean?  We're going!  Tran's gonna do her right there unless--
I'm not going.
Okay we gotta get over there.  Can you borrow a dress from Cecile or something--
Why didn't he just go public with the tape?  Save himself that way.
Kinda guy you can count on in a pinch.
Deputy Commissioner Palmer Strickland.  The sanctimonious prick who busted me out.  His ass is so tight when he farts only dogs can hear it.  I know this guy.  If there's one cop who's not dirty it's him.
Who's Strickland?
Yeah right blow it open.
The only card we have to play is the tape.  You know we get it to the media somehow...
How long does it last?  Oh.
He's totally cut off from the outer world.
To break the trail.  If those cops had gotten hold of her they would have beat it out of her who she was wearing for and then gone after them too.  Our killer is running as scared as we are.  Which makes him really dangerous.  Judging by how scared I am.
I don't think those cops did Iris. I think whoever Iris was wearing for killed her.
I still can't square the psycho smarts of whoever did Iris with those two cops.
It was a tough call.
Yeah.  You gave up your hot tub tape to save me.  That's real progress for you.
There's a plus side?
Well look at the plus side.
So let's see I've got Tran's goons some squidhead psycho and the LAPD all trying to kill me.  Happy new year Lenny.
Maybe.  But tonight is probably not the best night.  Come on we're rollin'.
People finding out... seeing... that the LAPD just flat out executed Jeriko One.  Jesus.  Maybe they ought to see.
I've got a good idea yeah.
You know what this tape could do if it gets out.
We got to make another copy of this. Little life insurance.
Yeah I know.  So what do we do?
I see.  I see the earth opening up and swallowing us all.
Hang on.  Hang on Max.  You see?
Mace.  I know what you think about the wire.  But I'm asking you to do this.  It's that important.
Uh unh.  I won't do it.
I can't tell you.  You've got to see.
It's the walk.  Something.  Anyway they'll run your plates and get your address.  We gotta keep moving.
Those two guys were cops.
Yeah me neither.  It was one of my favorites.  Me and Faith in a hot tub on my birthday.  I'm going to really miss it.
I can't believe we had to give them the damn tape.
Fire's out isn't it?
Are you out of your fucking mind?!
The gas tank's going to go any second!
This is bad.
It's okay Lenny  They'd never get here in time anyway.
Goddamnit!!  911 is busy!
Lenny.  Calm down.  This is what I do.
Bullet resistant?  Whatever happened to bullet proof?
Take it easy.  The glass is bullet resistant.
It's in my case.  Okay?  I'm going to open my case...
Lenny give them the tape.
Something in your car...
She wanted to go out to my car something about my car...
Think back about what she said. Exactly what she said.
Lenny have you lost it completely?
No shit.  You got someplace in mind?
You better keep a low profile for a while.
Mace the guy had a knife.  To my throat.  In my living room. Relaxing might be right out okay?!
Will you relax.  There's nobody back there.
This tie doesn't go with blue!
What is it?
Anywhere.  We'll talk about it in the car.
Where we going?
Jesus Mace!
Whatup Lenny?
S'okay.  I know you still love me.
I'm sorry about getting on your case earlier.  I just see you getting sucked in deeper and deeper and I -- anyway.  I'm sorry.
OK.  He asks about you all the time. It's been weeks since you've seen him.
How's Zander?
The question is not whether I am paranoid but whether I am paranoid enough.  You want to rub my neck?
Now you're really getting paranoid.
And what about the guy that was following me?
That's where it gets a little strange.
Because it had to look random.  Not connected to anything or anyone.  But then why give the rape to me?
Okay so he's a freak who thinks he's sane pretending to be a freak. The point is he was a hitter. Somebody wanted to shut her up.  But why not just put a little lead in her ear?
If he could do what's on that tape he's a sicko.
So the guy's not a sicko.
Because Iris knew somebody was after her.
No it doesn't.
But that doesn't add does it.
See it's all about what they see walking in.  A dead hooker handcuffs penetration... they'll see a trick gone wrong.  Random kill.  The kind you never solve.
It's not your fault.
She came to me for help.  I should have read it better... I just figured y'know... another strung- out hooker having a bad night.
Yeah.  I'm ghosting pretty bad.
No more Lenny.
I need to see more... get more detail.  Something.  I feel his presence so strong...
Don't crank the gain any more. You're gonna fry yourself.
It gives me... I don't know... maybe two hundred people who I know wear.
So that gives you something.
He knows what he's doing.  He's worn before... a lot.
Never really thought about it.
You ever wonder why you get beat up a lot?
Is this great fabric or what?
So some psycho wire-freak gets to keep running around--
Uh unh.  No way!  They'd crucify me.
This guy is someone you know one of your squid-head contacts.
Jesus Mace.  Back off.
I've never dealt in black-jacks. Never.  Everybody knows that.
Cause you're the man right?  The Magic Man.  If it's got something to do with the wire sooner or later it washes up on your beach.
Wants to share.
And gives it to you.
Are you sure it's real?
Snuff clip.  It was Iris.  She said she needed my help and I... aw Jesus Mace... the sick fucker killed her.
Blackjack?  I don't understand--
Black.  Jack.
My God Lenny.  What is it?
Go to the Sunset Sheraton.  RIGHT NOW!  Just go!  GO!
What is it?
What's that?  Present from Faith?
It is my sword and my shield Macey.
What I'm saying.  But you still come out this goofball romantic.
I have crawled through the gutter... through every wrinkle in the human brain.
You're some piece of work you know that.  Just calmly backstroking around in the big toilet bowl and somehow you never let it touch you. I mean between Vice and this so- called occupation you're in now you must've seen it all.
You'll see.
Destiny?  You living in a perfume commercial?  She's a hard-climber that dropped you like a used tampon when she got a better ride.
She's my destiny.
She thinks you're a bucket of dog vomit.  Trust me on this.
She still loves me.
Forget her.
Rams... that's football right?
Guy named Wade Beemer.  Used to be a running back for the Rams in '96 and '97.
Who's the new side of beef in Tran's posse?
Sure Lenny.  The only thing worse than a junkie is someone in love.
Begging?  Groveling?  Any pathetic behavior at all?  Will that help? Faith's there tonight and I've got to talk to her.
Jesus Lenny.
Macey I know you're tired but can you drop me at the Retinal Fetish? It's on your way.
Yeah.  I don't see a way out of it.
You still like me don't you?  We're still buddies?
Look I gotta get some sleep.
I know you wouldn't be saying all this if you didn't care about me. Thanks Mace.  Really.
Lenny you're turning into some kinda squid-head low-life.  You're always broke you just go from one score to the next.  And you're getting strung out... you don't even see it.  Getting high on your own supply like some crack dealer.
Macey... I've never seen you like this.
No you're just trying to get off.
So am I.  Just trying to get by.
No see a friend is more than one person constantly doing favors for another.  You just suck people along with your schemes and your scams and your slick act.  Well I'm out.  I got a kid I got rent I got an ex- husband someplace who doesn't send me a dime of support... I'm just trying to hold on here.
I thought we were friends.
Okay you got my attention but this is cutting off the circulation to my head here.  D'you mind?
I've had it.  No more wirehead shit in my car.  You understand?  You want to poach your lobes do it somewhere else.
That would be no.
I need my case.  It's still in the back.
In LA?  Are you crazy?
I've had enough of this shit.  You're on foot Lenny.
Hey careful on the jacket.  This is Armani.  You angry?
Let's talk in the car.
Are we having a bad night?
You will not live to see the morning.
Coming with you.
What the fuck are you doing?
Mr. Fumitsu good evening sir Leonard Nero Security Express. Lornette Mason here is just completing our routine driver evaluation.  We do it to make sure that out VIP clients such as yourself are always treated as honored guests.  I just need to ride up front and take some notes if you don't mind.
What's his name?
Define love.
Yeah but that was for love.
Me bailing your sorry pale ass out of jail twice in the last six months.
Define illegal.
Lenny this shit's illegal.
Everybody needs to take a walk to the dark end of the street sometime it's what we are.  But now the risks are outa line.  The streets are a war zone.  And sex can kill you.  So you slip on the trodes you get what you need and it keeps you from jumping your tracks.
Price he pays for being a scumsucking pig.
Okay take some executive... bored with his life bored with his wife... he picks up a hooker or some girl at a bar.  Then he goes around for months torn up worrying that he's got AIDS that he'll infect his wife.  And maybe he really does catch something--
Uh huh I wanna hear this part.
Way I look at it I actually perform a humanitarian service.  I save lives.
Buncha techno-perv jerkoffs.
No wrong... I sell experiences. Sex is only part of it.
So what's up with you?  Another busy night selling porno to wireheads?
Driving Mr. Lenny.
Mace!  You're a life-saver.
Jeez you're pathetic.  Okay I got a pickup at the St. James.  I'll take you there you can get a cab.
Lenny this may be a hard concept for you but friends don't have to pay their friends.
Mace you're my friend.  I need you. Plus I'll give you 25% of what I make tonight.
Excuse me.  What part of NO don't you understand?
Just a couple of hours.  It'll be fun--
Sleaze to peddle.
Come on Mace.  This is gonna be a big night.  Can't you feel it?  The energy in the air?  There's money to be made dreams to sell.
Whoa whoa whoa.  I said I'd drop you home but I'm not taking you on your sleazoid rounds.  I've already pulled twelve hours today.
Thanks for giving me a ride.  I just have a few stops mostly on the west side--
They jerked my wheels d'you believe it?  I mean it's outrageous the computer errors the banks are making lately.  Have you noticed?
Greetings gents.  So let's hear this week's sad story.
We're going to aunt Cecile's honey. We're going to watch fireworks from there.  Let's go.  Chop chop.
Well give me some then... I'm starving.
Cheerios and wieners.  I made it myself.  It's good.
What is that?
Are you going to make me beg?
Right.  That explains it.
Just Lenny.
Where were you Mom?  Did you meet a guy?
You really want that on your head?
Yeah well maybe it's time for a war!
Fine.  Do you want blood running waist deep in the storm drains?  The gangbangers'll spread like a wave through this city and burn it to the ground.  And when the fires start the street cops'll be capping off at anything that moves.  It'll be all- out war and you know it.
So you're saying we just pretend is didn't happen?  It happened!  The LAPD executed one of the most important black men in America!  Who the fuck are you to bury this?!
There's more to this whole thing than you think.
This seems a little sophisticated for them.  These are not subtle guys.
Those two psycho cops are on a slash-and-burn to find the tape and cover their tracks.
Take the tape to the cops.
Problem is Lenny knows everybody.
Maybe he just figures Lenny will appreciate what he's created.  It's the dark end of the street Lenny. How do you like it now?
He's skull-fucking you bud.  Trying to get a reaction.  Maybe pushing you to do something.
Sssssh!  Not in front of Lenny.  You may trigger a maudlin display which will force us to tranquilize him.
But I mean isn't he Faith's new-- 
Yup.  He was Jeriko's manager.  Bummer Tran!  Lost your golden goose.  Couldn't happen to a nicer guy.
Hey isn't that Tran Vo?
Sucks.  Hey Bobby turn that up.
No.  I haven't noticed because I make my payments.  So Max Pelcher how's the P.I. business?
The bearded guy the creep. Oh one other thing. Testa if that's his name he kept mentioning my feet. Said I had very pretty feet.
To be honest when I'm working I don't look at faces much. He knew the guy's name.
Besides that.
Um... he was older.
Was this him?
Of course. He knows everything about Dick Low.
Does Koessler know about the Suspect Zero theory?
Pacific Northwest is a hotbed for serials.
...well there was some friction: I wanted to write up my work educate the public but Koessler wouldn't allow it. Low felt Koessler was more interested in career advancement than catching killers. Koessler had Low reassigned to the Pacific Northwest Seattle. You know when they say stick it where the sun don't shine? That's where they stuck Dick Low.
Before your time. It was Richard Low's brainchild or lack-of-brain child. The Behavioral Sciences Unit at Quantico is essentially the product of three men: David Koessler Dick Low and myself. Low was a field agent Koessler administrative I was teaching criminology. Low came up with the concept of a serial killer's signature. He invented profiling. Everything we know about profiling started with Richard Low...
Have you had a chance to think about --
Anybody talk to the press?
Just mopping up. Nine bodies in all.
Agents Duncan Mackelway.  Anything new?
I'm babysitting the DEA guys this afternoon Casio and I. You said that was top priority.
Agent Duncan there's an interstate issue up on 54 run out there.
Takes four days to chill then its time to come back.  Is that...?
Welcome back sir. How was the vacation?
I want the autopsy report where is it Minnesota?
She's buried.
You have the body?
Her body turned up. In a Minnesota cemetery. They brought her back.
I want to talk about the Karen Sumpter case.
Sheriff Dylan this is FBI Agent Thomas Mackelway. Remember me?
Dylan here.
Got a sister like this what they call it anal? That's her.
Tape it off we'll want to fine-tooth- comb it. My guess is that the UNSUB is having us on. He checks in pays picks up the key but never walks inside. Tell me if I'm wrong.
Show's over boys. Nobody home.
And it's getting dark. I'm not going to run this into the night.  Eddie we're walking in. Everything covered?
The room key's in the car. On the seat.
Let's take a look.
I sent a female in. The room in question was rented by an Anglo cash; since then nothing -- no activity no phone response.
What does the Manager say?
Down the road a piece is the Golden Sunset the no-tell motel Socorro's contribution to international relations. The car's just sitting there no activity. I've had a couple Hispanic officers casing it all day. Want to take a look?
Hey Sheriff.
I'm on my way.
No bad news. You know the Be On the LookOut you asked me to send on the diner car -- we got a hit on it. A little town on the border Socorro. We got it staked out -- you interested?
You tell me.
What's the bad news?
Oh Jesus Sheriff I am sorry. I meant to call you -- I got distracted -- the Sumpter girl was not one of Speck's victims. That's the good news.
Mack this is Sheriff Dylan.
Agent Mackelway.
I just assumed she ran away. Happens a lot around here. Look around. This place is an invitation to run away.
This isn't in our database?
You're thinking...?
Her name is Karen Sumpter from near Dell City. Just disappeared a couple weeks back. Vanished.
I know how the Feds like to sit on information. I got something in the car to show you.
I'd appreciate it if you kept this to yourself.
Nine bodies in Roswell now this -- it's getting a little hairy huh?
That's right Jan.
I hope that wasn't a joke because I can assure you from personal experience the FBI does not have a sense of humor.
Ten miles back on the Texas side.
Where's the Nuevo American Diner?
Well the victim was killed at the turn-around over there then his car was pushed over here...  ...right across the state line. That makes it Federal. This is Officer Wallace he's out of Alamogordo.
Excuse me a salesman gets done in his car and you call the FBI?
Fella's name is Harold Speck travelin' man out of Roswell.
You run the plates?
We need to run this through VICAP search for similar burns.
A grill pattern.
Turn the body over. There was something in the autopsy report yes here.  These burn marks.
The body was embalmed. I don't understand --
I'm sorry. This won't take long.
The family has gone through a lot. Their daughter missing the search her body found the funeral -- then this order to exhume the corpse.
That's the thing. Don't know if it connects but Harold here had a thing about eyes. Two of the victims had their eyes gouged out another punctured. Took polaroids after.
Ripped off. By hand my guess. Perimortal: victim was alive at the time there's blood on his throat.
This is Agent Mackelway.
Be my guest Agent Kulok scrub suits are in the back.
I appreciate it doctor. You know how it is press screaming for answers Washington's all over me.  Ever handle a serial case?
We had to bring staff in from the whole county to handle this.
I'm not in the mood for Native American wisdom.
Ligature strangulation just like his victims. A cord nylon you can tell by the indentation signature -- again like his victims.  Look at that little thing and look at all the trouble it got him in. Should have cut it off.
Not as much as you'd think.
Oh yes I see. You must get asked this a lot.
It's been customized for sleeping capacity.
You can't imagine how many men have told me that.
Mam it's my truck. I know my own capacity.
I have 6 tons.
Not a discrepancy an error. My capacity is 5.5 tons not 6.
There seems to be a discrepancy.
Why me? What do you want from me!?
I've been looking for you.
What do you want from me?
You're going to miss it. Pay attention.
Oh God mister please leave me alone.
Calm down Harold.  Okay here's what we're going to do Harold: there's a pull off up ahead we're going to stop there.
What's wrong with me?
You're a... you're sick.
Not bad huh?
Take a look Harold. Tell me if you see anything you want. You do like to look don't you?
Look mister...
Fucking. I'm talking about fucking Harold. You ever think of fucking other women?
What are you...?
You know you ever think about other women?
You must get lonely. You ever think about you know... 
About your being away all the time. Must get lonely.
Just gettin' a jolt of java before headin' on home?  How does your wife feel about it?
I don't mean to be rude but...
Whole country or just hereabouts?
You must travel a lot huh?
Ah... restaurant supplies. I didn't get your name.
Sorry. I've seen you in here. Always lugging that case around.  Whatja sell?
You... surprised me.
Hi. What's in the case?
Put a BOLO out on that.
An old junker. Like a reservation car. Blue side door with brown you know primer paint. New Mexico plates. A Ford or ah yeah a Ford.
There was a car in the lot when we closed. Gone today.
It's been wiped down a hundred times since then.
He was sitting here?
He had an orange hat on.
How did you know he was a construction worker?
I didn't wait on him. Fifty or so white regular build needed a shave -- that's all I remember.
What did he look like?
The man who was with him he was a construction worker?
This could all be a coincidence but you know something I don't believe in coincidences. That's why I came back.  Do you think the UNSUB -- we're not going to mention the word Zorro -- met Harold Speck online?
Just hospital talk. Nothing that connects to Speck.
Maybe something to do with Zorro.
He said it was a clue?
Let's take a look at it.  Drop off my stuff at the hotel after you're done here.
At the field office.
You have the photo from the diner?
What's with the eyelids?
Nada. Vague description that's all. Fine-tooth-combed Speck's car the diner: no fingerprints no trace evidence.
What about his killer?
Speck's the killer all right. We got box loads of evidence. Did 'em all the same way: torture strangulation. Prostitutes. I don't think we'll be able to write off any outstandings on him -- this is probably the full body count.
Just step outside sir. Now. Keep your hands where I can see them.
Mackelway I could understand. He is over-emotional by nature but you Agent Kulok you had a shining career in front of you.
What are you doing?
Deputy Director get out sir.
Serial killer killed. In Ft. Myers. Cut up in his van. And this time we got a witness.
Another what?
We have another one.
Sorry to interrupt you sir but I thought you'd like to know.
Smarter than us.
Maybe cause he's smart.
We didn't know Speck was a serial the police didn't know his wife didn't know -- so how did the killer know?
Just an observer.
Chuck hello.  This is Agent Kulok. She has a background in medical forensics.
You're as crazy as he is! He's right! You don't give a damn about saving lives at all! Fuck you!
Dick Low's a killer too.
There's a killer out there -- we know who he is. He could be stalking now.
Hawkins isn't the target Richard Low's the target.
What about Zero Darryl Hawkins?
We'll wait. Get online with Low inform him of Zero's route -- we'll set a trap for him.
I can't. The chat room isn't open for another five days.
Have you told Richard Low about Amarillo?
I need to get to Amarillo immediately.
He's got you believing in Zero now too.
As far as the public knows Richard Low is dead. And he will stay dead until we kill him.
I understand.
Watch out for Dick Low he's a liar; he has his own world. There was a Junior Agent in Seattle not unlike you an Agent who fell under Dick's spell. He'd have done anything for Agent Low. Richard got this Agent to take a suspect to the crime scene beat him up force a confession -- all unauthorized all illegal.  The Agent died that night killed by the suspect. Richard Low got him killed. Worst of all we had to hush it up let the suspect go. The suspect was George Sheldon the second man Richard killed.
In Ft. Myers before your instruction. Nowhere else sir.
There was talk of a file photo.
I didn't use Low's name.
That breaks my confidentiality stipulation.
I was looking for a pattern.
I'm told you've asked for a Bureau cross-check of flight records to and from El Paso Ft. Myers Omaha the Murman murder time frames.
An oversight sir I apologize. I felt I needed to get away for a day. The pressure. Paid for my own ticket.
You didn't tell anyone where you were?
I was visiting an old college friend.
Why did you go to Chicago?
I want to catch Dick Low more than you can imagine but I cannot risk going public. What happens when the media finds out that a former FBI Special Agent a founder of the Behavioral Sciences Unit is not dead but instead alive and killing people not ordinary people but even worse serial killers making him some sort of white knight vigilante?  You keep at it. We'll find him we'll find him in our own way.
How do you send out an APB on a dead man?
We need to put out an NCIC inquiry.
We're waiting for trace evidence results on the Rice killing.
Collected shoes too?
It was neither a valid concept nor a valid fact. Suspect Zero came to represent every killer Dick Low had not caught. The idea took root in his head like a wild irrational vine. For someone like Low there would always be a Suspect Zero. We couldn't let Richard go where that idea was taking him.
What did you think of the Suspect Zero theory?
I suspected but you were the one Low contacted. That's why I brought you back here.
Both in the last year. I suspected only someone as brilliant as Dick Low could find these guys.  Look whatever Daitz told you nobody wanted to strip Richard of his badge. You have to get close to be good at what he did the trick is not to get too close.
How long ago?
Dunlevy said there was another case Ron Rice. In fact there were two earlier cases where serials were murdered. The second was George Sheldon. I didn't enter it into VICAP -- I'll get you the file.
You suspected all along suspected he was alive. That's why you came to El Paso.
We had every reason to believe he was on that plane. He was supposed to be on the plane. Everything was incinerated it was two weeks before we reached the crash site. We the Director and I decided it was in everyone's best interest to declare Dick Low dead. That way he could exit a hero.
That gasbag. I can imagine what he said. I'm not ashamed to admit that most of what I know about criminal profiling started with Richard Low. I have also over the years I admit taken credit for many of his accomplishments. He was the most brilliant law enforcement individual I ever met.
I spoke with Lloyd Daitz.
Mack the Mouth at a loss for words.
I'm hesitant to...
I don't believe this.
Nothing concrete. Nothing I'd... well nothing.
Okay Harold Speck: who goes first?
Had trouble sleeping last night sir.
You feeling okay Agent Mackelway?
They like my stories. They like the way I think. They're into fantasy. I turn them on.
I always meant to ask what is it that makes you so special? Why is it you have this special rapport with multiple killers? Why you?
What I do requires confidentiality.
I'll take it into consideration.
If my Reporting Agent could be someone outside Computer Crimes perhaps Agent Kulok?
You didn't like anyone looking over your shoulder -- why was that? What were you doing?
This time sir if I may be so bold would it be possible to set up my equipment outside CIIAC perhaps in military housing at Quantico? I didn't get along very well with the other members of the Division. We thought differently.
Agent Mackelway you're going to get your wish. You're going back to Washington. I want you back in Computer Crimes. Fire up those chat rooms.
The cut on your arm -- mind if we remove the bandage?
No just coincidence. He knew who I was of course. He had my ID -- did he keep it?
Do you think he singled you out?
He got away. I had him. He got away.
Agent Kulok and I were in O'Hare when we heard.
Pretty embarrassed to be honest. I had him.
How do you feel Agent
Then why do I still have a badge?
Its called insubordination.
I was lucky to find much less crack the address code -- no way to be sure I could have done it again.
You refused to comply with a direct order.
Let some by-the-book J. Edgar Agents go into the chat room spook these guys with stupid questions blow my cover? -- no way.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation is not based on personal preference. We share information.
I had gotten their trust. We were sharing fantasies. I couldn't risk it.
I might point out Agent Mackelway the reason we haven't been able to crack those rooms is that you refused to share that information with us -- which is also why you were reassigned.
They don't know how to crack these secret chat rooms --
I'll relay this to CIIAC.
From the grave?
Speck. Harold Speck.
I think I talked to him.
This better be important.
Look sorry. Don't say a word.  I know this is improper. I've been trying to speak with Deputy Director Koessler. I left a message. I must speak with you before you go back to Washington.
You have to save this boy. Good exists in this world. I can prove it because you can in your life save this one person.
Shut the fuck up or I'll shut you up.
Agent Kulok that boy as we speak is in Hawkins' truck probably still alive in a dark refrigerated compartment shivering in just a T- shirt: put yourself in his mind freezing terrified wanting his mother. Put yourself in his mother's place desperate imagining the worst is happening as she pleads back there at the rest stop for someone anyone to listen to her. This is not hypothetical this is real. It is happening now and you can do something about it.
Listen to this guy? Can you believe this? He'll never change. Born a liar first word out of his mouth was a lie. Make up a story always a story any goddamn story to save his ass.
When I was at the rest stop there was a young boy maybe ten and his mother. Darryl Hawkins Zero abducted the boy in the men's room. I tried to stop him. He cold-cocked me --
Suspect Zero now there's an idea that doesn't look good on paper --
You are so fucked up.
How did a girl like me end up in a place like this?  The Deputy Director here he believes in Tough Love. A cop's cop. Shape up or ship out righto? Agent Kulok when you get a chance you might want to check the victims of the recent serials. You'll find that some of them have been credited to other killers some years ago. That's a Dave Koessler trick find a pliant sociopath preferably a dead one attribute to him unsolved cases clean up the backlog-looks great in the yearly report.
You're a disgrace to law enforcement to the Bureau -- and to me.
You better hope the Director doesn't stop abruptly one day David you might break your nose.
Don't you touch him.
Thank you Rangers.  Put this man in the unmarked.
Miss me Dave?
I'm going to Amarillo.
What happened?
Get the routes of all refrigerated trucks over the last ten years. We've got three disappearance cities and dates three parallel discovery cities. Get into the mainframe let it crunch this information.
How are we going to find him?
Zero abducts victims all over the country kills them keeps them refrigerated for days weeks even months then buries them hundreds thousands of miles away. Karen Sumpter was buried washed up in a flood. Evans was buried. When we get Zero we'll find boneyards all across the country.
It's a truck. A refrigerated truck.
I've got to take a piss.
I haven't changed anything.  Damn.
It's quite advanced.
What's going on?
Yeah of course.
Hardly anyone calls me Tom. Everybody calls me Mack. I always liked that.
Tom you okay?
Could be a lot of things. Depends on the freezer.  I'm sorry Mack but I don't think this is the answer.
But why this pattern?
Mack I'm just trying to keep up with now.
Jaime do you think when this is all over when we're in different divisions you think maybe you and me we could try again?
I got an autopsy report from El Paso that doesn't seem right. A girl on Low's list. Karen Sumpter. We're getting a court order to exhume to body. I'd like you to come and look at it.  Don't worry I've cleared it.
You're putting me in a difficult position.
They say Richard Low is wrong but because of him women innocent women are alive who would be dead.
It's okay to be wrong just don't be dead wrong.
It's too late for that. I've gone ahead of the curve on this one. There's no turning back. When this is over Koessler is going to be right or Low is going to be right or I'm going to be right but not all of us.
I'd be real careful if I were you.
I've decided to investigate Low's plane crash. While I'm at it I thought I'd look at the cases Koessler worked with Low.
Koessler doesn't know any of this?
Probably. I told him Koessler had ordered the report kept it secret.
Does one exist?
I need something tangible. To hook him. I told him I'd found the confidential file on the Suspect Zero theory.
And you're working with him?
You were right. He found me.
Slow down a second you met with Low --
I met with Richard Low.  These are names of missing persons he has flagged. I'm double-checking every case but I don't want to be too obvious about it. I marked the ones I'd like you to work on.
What's going on?
I guess I'm a little paranoid.
This feels like something out of a spy novel.
But he believes in it. That's all that matters. He toyed with you you toy with him. Convince him you've got a lead on Suspect Zero. Use Zero you'll find Low.
That's a crackpot theory. Everybody says so.
Suspect Zero.
Start killing people for real?
You want to get him? Find something he wants. Get him to come to you.
My watch. He toyed with me. He sent me to Chicago.
I'm in Omaha. Get to the airport. There's been another one.
Where are you? Everybody's looking for you.
Jaime? Where are you?
I just need to go a little slow.
Don't confuse what we do with who we are.
That's my point. Remember you're a cop pretending to be a deviant. It's not the other way around.
Not the way I can.
And nobody else can do that?
I found a peephole into Deviant World. I'm gonna reach in and yank some of those creeps out.
You need time to think. About the case about you and me.
What's that?
Then there's the other issue.
That's true.
There's the Agency issue. I think Koessler may suspect something already. We're not on the best footing with him as it is.
No I mean maybe we should back off a bit you and me.
I can't. They trust me they accept me. I've got their confidence.
Maybe we should back off a bit.
I came over because I couldn't sleep and was lonely. I wanted to see you. I thought I'd surprise you.
No Jaime I apologize. I didn't... I had no right to speak to you like that.
Mack I'm sorry. I apologize. I should have called. I had no right to sneak in on you like that.
Murman and Imelda had been slipping into a private chat room. Low had poor old Testa drooling on the keyboard. Abduction fantasies voyeurism mutilation teasing him with fetish elements. He is very good. I think it's safe to say Richard Low is Murman.
You should have seen the store manager at Parade of Shoes. She was inconsolable.
Not yet. This time they're waiting for you.
Did they disconnect Testa's computer?
You found the body. She was one of Harold Speck's victims. In El Paso.  They're not just talking to each other Mack they're trading souvenirs.
You mean --
Sue Ann Hanson.
The tattoo?
We're trying to match them with dump site bodies.  This we know is Carol Delview from Tampa found her last Spring. This one --
We did find these however.
We got an UNSUB walking around with four feet?
No. Cut off while he was still alive look at his wrists damn near ripped his hands off trying to get free. Must have been screaming real loud when the killer chain-sawed his throat. Unfortunately he'd soundproofed his van.
Find the feet?
Not yet. Not about this either.
Not about coming to see Daitz?
Just routine stuff.
What did you tell him?
He's called a couple times.
Does Koessler ask about me?
I've been thinking about this.
It's a no-no.
There are Agency regulations about this.
Oh yeah I forgot.
Because you asked him to stupid.
Why did Koessler assign you as my liaison?
No Mack I do not think you're a square and definitely not a nerd.
You must really think I'm a square a computer nerd.
Of course he did. He came on to every attractive student. Which bothers you most: that he exploits suffering or that he came on to me?
When you were his student? Did he come on to you?
I saw him on a talk show once talking about these killers like they were his friends. Not the victims not the families of the victims he doesn't talk about them. Blood money that's what it is.  Did he hit on you?
Don't be too harsh.
I ever get like that just take me out in back and shoot me.
He's a consultant to a network TV program on Profilers. He gets a check every episode.
That's because he's a fucking wacko. Never met a self-promotion scheme he didn't like. What's he doing now?
I was thinking maybe we should ask Professor Daitz. Nobody knows this stuff better.
None. Can't find a thing. Nothing on file nothing online. It's not a part of any known killer's signature.
Every cop has a story and every story has a girl. The girl in my story was fifteen years-old. She wore a pink angora sweater -- I can still see it -- one day she disappeared. I told the police she wouldn't run away I told them who to look for but I was just a kid. I sat in the police station crying and crying. My parents took me home. The girl was my cousin and the man who abducted her was a teacher I'd had. He kept her alive a week before he killed her. The police could have saved her. Every time I see a photo of a victim I see her. That's what I want to do. I want to save her.
My guess: he's wondering whether to get more fries or go straight to the chocolate sundae.
Take it to the next level. What are his fantasies what turns him on what kind of pornography does he like? If he could act out his fantasies what would he do? Imagine yourself one of his victims realizing your life is in his hands. What is he thinking?
What's this country coming to?
He thinks he looks young.
Grown man dressed like a clown. Does he really think he looks good?
Look at this fellow... or this one.
What's that?
And one other thing.
I was interested in two things: computers and crime. They sort of came together.
I was going to be a physician I am a physician but I kept drifting over to criminal psych. This seems to be the best of both. My parents still haven't forgiven me.
People end up in occupations for a reason. They may think not but they do: occupations define us.
You got a point there.
Taking a Stryker saw cutting off the top of someone's cranium pulling the brain out -- what's that a day in Spring?
This is some serious shit.
No no no most of them -- I used to think all of them -- are just fantasists guys who get off telling degrading stories. When I came across this fugitive chat room listened in I started to think some might actually be real that they'd gone live. The challenge was to figure out which was which. Then I had my disagreement with Koessler.
They're all criminals?
Working the net isn't that different from ordinary undercover work. You go into the community walk their walk talk their talk gain their confidence.
You want to have dinner?
The other reason?
That's part of the reason I dropped by. I need to learn this stuff.
What about the chat rooms themselves?
You're a smart guy. Tell me what it says.
I don't carry it with me.
Was I afraid of Dave Koessler? Not likely. I told you I'd gotten a bit obsessive. It was an opportunity to back off think things through.  Where's the file?
So you went underground?
Deputy Director Koessler opposed the theory because it meant pressing the legal envelope risking high-profile failure. Better to get rid of me. Then he could be Mr. Serial Killer Mr. Authority on Deviant Behavior -- no embarrassing questions about the contribution of one Richard Low. Do you really think that plane crashed by accident? Do you really think I wasn't on it by accident? I've always had a good sense of intuition.
Suspect Zero?
I'm not sure exactly. I had monsters on the brain. I wanted to get these guys every one of them. I got obsessive.
What was your weakness sir?
He always had a weakness in that area. I saw it the first time I met him. We all had our weaknesses I guess. Daitz wanted the money. With Dave it was the glory. Koessler saw the Behavioral Sciences Unit as a stepping stone to bigger and better bureaucratic things. He had his eye on the Director's job even then. Catching killers was a means to an end for them.
He's moved on to TV.
He couldn't break an egg with a hammer. He still writing those crime porn books?
I've been reading hearing about you. I spoke to Koessler Professor Daitz.
How's the arm?
I believe it is you sir who has us jumping through hoops.
Dave Koessler must have you jumping through hoops.
When you exit head east on 10th.
This is Richard Low. Stay on the phone. Do not disconnect. I'm watching you. I will instruct you where to drive.
Agent Mackelway?
I'll give you a little hint. You're a smart guy figure it out.
Who are you?
The little piggie speaks.
How did you know Speck was a killer?
[I don't think so. We want the same thing. See ya.]
Leave this room I'll go back with you blow your cover.
[And I want to go back to Needlepoint.]
I want to go live with you.
[What does the file say?]
George Sheldon? The second serial killer killed in the manner of his killings. The crime scene profile was never entered into VICAP. At whose request? David Koessler.
[You tell me.]
Not everything is imputed to memory. The most confidential stuff is kept top secret hard copy. Why would the Zero file be kept secret?
[Don't jerk a jerk-off. There's nothing in the Bureau mainframe.]
I've located the Suspect Zero file. Did you know there was one? Koessler ordered it as part of your evaluation.
[Not the heart the watch.]
I want to help you.
[Hello Agent Mackelway. How's the watch? Maybe you can do one of those TV commercials I found my watch under a serial killer's heart and it was still ticking.]
Let's talk about Zero.
Let's go someplace private Murman I have something for you.
[If you wanted a good steak you should have gone to Omaha.]
[Ask for Leslie. Eight days from tonight exactly one a.m. Be there if you dare. You cannot fool the Murman.]
Haven't had any but I'm willing to try.
[The address is 147 South Rane. It's a lively address. You got a problem with dark meat?]
If I owe I will go.
[Not this way. Call it a little favor call it a little thing I'm going to do for you. I'm going to make Chicago come alive for you. You'll owe me one.]
I've been to Chicago.
[Follow me.]
Lead the way Murman.
[You want to talk Lionheart or you want to take this a little more personal?]
Something came up Murman my man.
[Lionheart what happened?]
Whatever happened to MyDick?
[Reality very risky.]
Lionheart here. I'm back. Sorry about the absence. I had to do some therapy at the crossbar hotel.
[Fantasy time girls give it up give it up.]
Perhaps you can explain it to him.  It's Agent Mackelway.
Deputy Director Koessler doesn't want Zero. All he cares about is Low.
What is it exactly I don't understand Agent Mackelway?
I don't think you understand.
This man Hawkins has killed dozens of people. Suspect Zero.
Excuse me Agent Mackelway?
Locate a jet we're going to Amarillo.
Now Mr. Hawkins when last in Amarillo where did you get gas?
How far is Amarillo?
He wants us to know he's out there what he's doing. It's not enough just to kill somebody like Speck he wants us to know he did it.
But why attack an Agent?
I talked to him.
Speck is dead.
MyDick. As in my dick. That was his screen name.
Hope you never do. At first it feels like a sauna by the time you hit victim four it's a fucking burning shirt factory.
This case has sent bells and alarms ringing all the way to Washington. Your old boss is coming out.
Headed there now. The same shift will be on at noon.
Got a vehicle?  Head north on 54. When you get to New Mexico you've gone too far.
Agent Mackelway you want to get off your ass and do something for a change?
Jesus just what I need another blue flamer.  Johnny get this boy some sun screen.
I like working for the Bureau sir. I like catching bad guys. It's all I care about.
This is a first. You criticized the Deputy Director to his face and you still have a badge? You must have some one-of-a-kind skills.  Why don't you just quit? I mean you're not going to get promoted not wearing this jacket.
I wished to be reinstated at Computer Crimes. I was undiplomatic in my request.
Four hundred and sixty sir.
I see that. Washington to Philadelphia to here. Philly's a nice station. How many agents?
I screwed up twice sir.
Sounds like fun.
Updating the condition of all Bureau- owned vehicles in the southwest sector sir.
Hot enough for you Agent Mackelway? Hell's doorknob. What they got you doing?
Thomas Mackelway.
Johnny get this man's file. Mackelway right?
I believe it's in my file sir.
What did you do to end up here?
So you're the new meat?
Good morning sir. Agent Salinas sir.
Take your shirt off.
It's over for you.
Brilliant? You think he caught any of them because he was brilliant? Hardboy? MyDick? Imelda? Ripper? Think about it how did he locate them?  He found them as Murman. And how did Murder Man find them? With sweet talk and brains? No. He did it with souvenirs. He took them into private rooms swapped goodies: pictures panties jewelry body parts. Snuff downloads. As bait. That's why I never exchanged with him. He killed girls oh yeah harvested them. He had the best stuff. Richard Low is Murman and Murman is one of us.
He's a brilliant man. Brilliant enough to catch you.
I'm Agent Thomas Mackelway FBI. There is no way you will escape. Assistant Deputy Director Richard Low is en route with another Agent.  You may know Low by another name. You may know him by the name Murman. I am Lionheart.
That's good Hilda. I'm glad.
Yes sir -- it certainly does!
Tell me Hilda -- does all this frighten you -- does it make you feel insecure?
He'll be there at 8:30.
Good. Did you speak to our friend Mr. Carpenter?
I talked to most of them this morning... They were all very curious about the meeting.
What about the people who are coming to the meeting tonight? Have they all arrived?
What a brilliant idea. I never would have thought of it.
The whole city has stopped. People are running around like ants!
Thanks -- I'm enjoying it right here.
You should see it Professor Barnhardt! You should go out and see it for yourself!
Something dramatic -- but not destructive.  It's quite an interesting problem.  Would day after tomorrow be all right? Say about noon?
Maybe a little demonstration.
Why don't you leave it to me? I'll think of something.
I wouldn't want you to harm anybody -- or destroy anything.
That can easily be arranged.
Something that would dramatize for them and for their people the seriousness of the situation. Something that would affect the entire planet.
Yes -- of course.
Would such a demonstration be possible before the meeting?
The people who came to the meeting must be made to realize this. They must understand what is at stake.  You mentioned a demonstration of force--
I assure you such power exists.
Such power exists?
I'm afraid you have no alternative. In such a case the planet Earth would have to be--  --eliminated.
One thing Mr. Klaatu. Suppose this group should reject your proposals. What is the alternative?
I'm sure I'll be quite safe until the meeting.
I'm afraid I can't offer you any real protection. I have no influence in cases of inter-planetary conspiracy.
My name is Carpenter and I'm a very earthy character living in a respectable boarding house.
What about your personal safety in the meantime? What about the Army -- and the police?
No -- not at all.
You'd have no objection to revealing yourself at this meeting?
I leave that in your hands.
It is not enough to have men of science. We scientists are too easily ignored -- or misunderstood. We must get important men from every field. Educators -- philosophers -- church leaders -- men of vision and imagination -- the finest minds in the world.
That's what I came to see you about.
Would you be willing to meet with the group of scientists I am calling together?. Perhaps you could explain your mission to them and they in turn could present it to their various peoples.
Violent action -- since that seems to be the only thing you people understand.  Leveling the island of Manhattan perhaps -- or dropping the Rock of Gibraltar into the sea.
What -- what sort of action do you mean?
I come to you as a last resort -- and I confess that my patience is wearing thin.  Must I take drastic action in order to get a hearing?
I gather that your efforts on the official level were not entirely successful.
What I have to say must be said to all concerned.  It is too important to be entrusted to any individual.
Would you care to be more specific?
I came here to warn you that by threatening danger your planet faces danger -- very grave danger. I am prepared however to offer a solution.
We scientists understand this. Even we primitive scientists.  What exactly is the nature of your mission Mr. Klaatu?
We had our atomic wars -- thousands of years ago.  After that we fought with bows and arrows. Then slowly we learned that fighting is no solution -- that aggression leads to chaos.
These other planets -- do they have peace and security?
We want to be sure you don't make -- let us say -- an unfortunate mistake. We know the potentiality of these developments and we are disturbed to find them in the hands of children... You see we've had atomic energy for five thousand of your years.  We discarded instruments like this many centuries ago.  So long as you were limited to fighting among yourselves -- with your primitive tanks and planes -- we were unconcerned. But soon you will apply atomic energy to space ships -- and then you become a threat to the peace and security of other planets. That of course we cannot tolerate.
If you mean that you are afraid of us--
In the hands of a mature civilization these would not be considered weapons of aggression. But in the hands of your people--  We've observed your aggressive tendencies and we don't trust you with such power.
Yes -- that is true.
It was my intention to discuss this officially -- with all the nations of the Earth -- but I was not allowed the Opportunity. I have come to realize since that your mutual fears and suspicions are merely the normal reactions of a primitive society.  We know from scientific observation that you have discovered a rudimentary kind of atomic energy. We also know that you are experimenting with rockets.
That was my first question.
I would like to explain something of my mission here.
It isn't faith that makes good science Mr. Klaatu. Its curiosity.  Sit down please. I have several thousand questions to ask you.
You have faith Professor Barnhardt
My name is Klaatu.  I spent two days at your Walter Reed Hospital. Room 309. My doctor's name was Major White -- and I had a very attractive nurse called Ruth who's getting married next Wednesday.  If you are not interested -- or if you intend to turn me over to your Army -- we needn't waste any more time.
As though unsure of what he's heard) Yes -- yes I have.
I find it works well enough to get me from one planet to another.  I understand you've called a meeting to study our space ship.
How can you be so sure? Have you tested this theory?
Almost negligible... With variation of parameters this is the answer.
Yes -- that will reproduce the first- order terms. But what about the effect of the other terms?
Not yet. That's why I wanted to see you.
It was a clumsy way to introduce myself -- but I understand you're a difficult man to see.  I thought you'd have the solution by this time.
You wrote this?
Yeah -- the grass was kind of wet.
Yes dear. Come on now.  Bobby your shoes are soaking!
Oh boy -- can I Mom?
Come on darling -- we're going up to bed.
Gee Mom do you think maybe he's a diamond smuggler?
Well not exactly. I gave him two dollars.
He gave these to you?
You didn't really see the space ship. You just thought you did.
Yes I have!
Now think back hard. You didn't follow Mr. Carpenter at all did you? You haven't even been out of the house.
No I haven't Mom. I promise you... I saw it!
Bobby you've been dreaming again.
Honest Mom I saw him. It just opened up and he walked right in. And that great big iron man was moving around!
Now Bobby just a minute--
I followed Mr. Carpenter -- right after you left -- and gee Mom where do you think he went? Right into the space ship!
Tell me what?
I couldn't go to sleep Mom. I had to tell you!
Bobby--! What are you doing up at this hour?
No dear of course not. He's a very nice man. I Just think he might prefer to be left alone. Now you get to bed and forget about it.  'Night darling.
I mean -- on account of that policeman last night.  You think he's a bank robber maybe? Or a gangster?
What do you mean dear?
Mom -- is there something wrong with Mr. Carpenter?
Sure we did! He wasn't there but we went to see him. And Mr. Carpenter showed him how to do his arithmetic.
Did you and Mr. Carpenter really go to see Professor Barnhardt?
Gee why Mom? He's my best friend... And he's awful good in arithmetic. He even helps Professor Barnhardt.
Bobby -- I think it would be better if we didn't see quite so much of Mr. Carpenter
Go to bed darling. You can finish that in the morning.
Aw gee Mom -- I had plans to play with Mr. Carpenter.
Of course dear.
Yeah sure. Mom do I have to go to school tomorrow?
Professor Barnhardt.
We sure had fun today. We saw the space ship and we went to see Professor Barnhardt -- and--
I -- I don't know dear... Perhaps there's some mistake.
Mom -- why does Mr. Carpenter have to go down to the police station?
Come on Bobby. Time to go to bed.
Boy we had a swell time. Didn't we Mr. Carpenter?
Did you have a nice day dear?
Hello darling.  Good evening Mr. Carpenter.
That's enough Bobby. I think it's time you went to bed.
Can I help you look for the space man? Can I?  I know what he looks like! He's got a square head -- and three great big eyes!
Bet he is Mom. Bet he's out looking for that space man.
Why -- the light in my room went out.  Thank you Bobby. Goodnight.
What do you want it for Mr. Carpenter?
Yeah -- sure.  It's a real Boy Scout flashlight.
Bobby -- have you a flashlight?
I'll say goodnight again.
Thanks Mr. Carpenter.
All you have to remember is first find the common denominator -- then subtract.
We'll finish it tomorrow... Goodnight Bobby.
Aw gee -- we didn't finish our story.
We went to the movies -- and we had ice cream cones -- and we went to see Daddy--
We certainly did.
Mr. Brady's a cop.
Mrs. Benson -- this is Mr. Brady.
She doesn't like me to steal from people.
Why not Bobby?
Let's not say anything to my mother about this Mr. Carpenter.
Well sure but--
Would you give me your two dollars for a couple of them?
Bet they're worth about a million dollars.
Some places that's what people use for money. They're easy to carry -- and they don't wear out.
Gee -- those look like diamonds!
No -- I want to take you to the movies.  Do you think they'd accept these?
I've got some money. My mother gave me two dollars.
Certainly.  Tell me Bobby -- do you have to have money to go there?
No foolin'? Will you?
Go to the movies.
They have cemeteries. But not like this one... You see they don't have any wars.
Is it different where you've been?  Don't they have places like this?
I'll tell you Bobby -- I've been away for a long time. Very far away.
No -- I'm afraid not.
Sure. Didn't you ever hear of Arlington Cemetery?
Did all these people die in wars?
He doesn't know the answer. And he'll never get it that way.
Bet he's the only one in the world knows the answer.
It's a problem in celestial mechanics.
What does that mean?
We can scare him more than he can scare us.
Well sure I would but --  Aw I'll bet you'd be scared.
Wouldn't you like to meet him?
You're just kidding aren't you?
Bobby -- I have an idea. Let's go see Professor Barnhardt and find out how he talks.
Velocity is the time rate of change of position.
Mr. Carpenter -- what does velocity mean?
I don't know Bobby. I'm inclined to doubt it.
You think they'll ever find him?
Well -- there are several ways to reduce landing speed. You see the velocity--
Gee! How could they make a landing?
Maybe four thousand miles an hour. And outside the Earth's atmosphere a good deal faster.
Yes -- I think so.
You think it can go faster than an F- 36?
No. It's for a lot of other things too.
I thought that was only for bombs.
Well -- atomic power I would imagine.
Gee I'd like to get inside and see how it works. What do you think makes it go?
I shouldn't be at all surprised.
Boy I'll bet he's strong. I bet he could knock down a whole building.
Department of Commerce. She's a secretary.  They have a man they call the Secretary but he isn't at all. My mother's a real secretary.  Mr. Carpenter -- now can we go see the space ship?
Where is that?
Sure. Right near where my mother works.
He lives here in Washington doesn't he?
Well -- Professor Barnhardt I guess. He's the greatest scientist in the world.
I was speaking of earth men. I meant the greatest philosopher -- the greatest thinker.
Gee -- I don't know... The space man I guess.
Bobby -- who's the greatest man in America today?
No -- I'm afraid not.
Are you an FBI man?
He says their medicine is that much more advanced.  He was very nice about it. But he made me feel like a third-class witch doctor.
How does he explain that?
Their life expectancy is a hundred and thirty.
I don't believe it.
He told me this morning when I examined him. He's seventy-eight.
Oh I'd say forty-five.
And the lungs are the same as ours. Must mean a similar atmosphere -- similar pressure.  How old do you think he is?
The skeletal structure is completely normal.  Same for the major organs - heart liver spleen kidneys.
Under the circumstances I'm afraid that will be impossible.
Before making any decisions I think I should get out among your people -- become familiar with the basis for these strange unreasoning attitudes.
I'm afraid my people haven't.  I'm very sorry -- I wish it were otherwise.
I am impatient with stupidity. My people have learned to live without it.
Your impatience is quite understandable.
I can judge only by what I see.
Our problems are very complex Mr. Klaatu. You mustn't judge us too harshly.
I will not speak to any one nation or group of nations.  I don't intend to add my contribution to your childish jealousies and suspicions.
Now that you understand the situation more clearly perhaps you'd like to discuss the matter with the President
It's not your government I'm thinking about. It's your world.
I tried to make you understand. The suspicions -- the jealousies -- the mistrust--  Surely you realize that my government has done everything in its power--
Thank you... Have you any news?
Good afternoon.  I'm glad to see you up and around.
I've been dealing in Earth's politics a good deal longer than you have.  Goodnight sir.
Apparently I'm not as cynical about Earth's people as you are.
I will make that recommendation to the President.  I must tell you in all honesty that I'm extremely dubious about the results.
Believe me you don't understand. They wouldn't sit down at the same table.
Then why not a meeting of all the Chiefs of State?
We could call a special meeting of the General Assembly... But of course the UN doesn't represent all of the nations.
I intend to explain. To all the nations -- simultaneously.  How do we proceed Mr. Harley?
Perhaps if you could explain a little--
My mission here is not to solve your petty squabbles. It concerns the existence of every last creature who lives on Earth.
I was only hoping to make you understand.
I am not concerned Mr. Harley with the internal affairs of your planet. I consider that to be your business -- not mine.
I'm sure you recognize from our broad- casts the evil forces that have produced the tension in our world. Surely you would agree--
The first two years of television we were convinced that all you did was wrestle.
You must have a rather strange impression of us.
We've been monitoring your radio broadcasts for a good many years. That's how we learned your languages. Lately we've been getting your television also.
You know about the United Nations?
I traveled 250 million miles. What about your United Nations?
I'm afraid that would be a little awkward. It's -- it's completely without precedent. And there are practical considerations -- the time involved -- the enormous distances.
I want to meet with representatives from all the nations of the Earth.
I -- I'm not sure I understand--
This is not a personal matter Mr. Harley. It concerns all the people on your planet.
Perhaps you'd rather discuss it personally with the President--
I'd be glad to.  Not now of course -- with you alone.
We're very curious about that too. Would you care to talk about it?
I mean the reasons for my coming here.
The present situation?
I'm afraid in the present situation you'll have to learn to think that way.
It's rather difficult for us to think of another planet as a neighbor.
From another planet. Let's just say that we're neighbors.
Naturally we're very curious to know where it is you come from.
About 250 million of your miles.
You must have come a long way.
About five months -- your months.
I'm sure I don't have to point out that your arrival was something of a surprise.  Had you been traveling long?
Sit down Mr. Harley.
The President asked me to convey his deepest apologies for what has happened. We all feel--
Just Klaatu.
My name is Harley -- Secretary to the President  I've been told that you speak our language -- that your name is Mr. Klaatu.
I'm not going to marry anybody.
You wait and see. You're going to marry a big hero!
I feel different right now.
You'll feel different when you see my picture in the papers.
I don't care about the rest of the world!
Tom you mustn't -- ! You don't know what you're doing! It isn't just you and Mr. Carpenter. The rest of the world is involved!
Why not? Somebody's got to get rid of him.
Is that what you're thinking about?
He told you... Don't be silly honey -- just because you like the guy.  You realize what this'd mean for us? I'd be the biggest man in the country. I could write my own ticket.
But he isn't a menace! He told me what he came here for.
He's a menace to the whole world! It's our duty to turn him in.
That's what I'm trying to tell you. We mustn't do anything about it. Believe me Tom I know what I'm talking about.
Important? Of course it's important. The point is we can do something about it.
You don't understand. You don't realize how important it is.
Are you crazy? After what happened today?
Never mind about that.  You've got to promise me you won't say a word to anybody.
How do you know?
All right Tom -- it's true. I know it's true.
Helen he's the man from the space ship!  I had that diamond checked at three different places. Nobody on earth's ever seen a stone like that! After what Bobby told us that's enough for me. Why is it nobody knows anything about him? Why hasn't he got any money?
What about him?
I've got some terrific news about your friend Mr. Carpenter.
Come on in.
Tom -- I've been trying to get you all afternoon--
I -- I'm afraid I can't -- not right now. Can I talk to you later?. Yes that'll be fine. 'Bye.
I'm at Bleeker's getting an appraisal on that diamond. I thought we might have lunch together.
I've got a good lock on my door.  And Bobby's going to sleep in my room tonight.
You think it's all right for you to stay here?
Bobby and I have had enough excitement for tonight.
I wonder if we ought to--
Looks real to me.
Is it real?
He's not there.  But look what I found in his room
I'm sorry. I guess I'm just tired of hearing about Mr. Carpenter.  I don't like the way he's attached himself to you and Bobby. After all what do you know about him?
Oh Tom that was awful.
I hope Mr. Carpenter won't think I'm intruding.
I was talking to Mr. Carpenter.
The picture starts at eight-fifty.
I will be in just a minute.
A good insurance salesman wouldn't give you time to think.
You're a good salesman -- but I've got to think about it.
The boss is leaving for Chicago tomorrow. If I could tell him I was getting married -- with two dependents--
You know how I feel Tom. I just want to think it over.
You still haven't answered my question.
It was a wonderful day.
There's always somebody here but today of course they've all got plans.
Well we could--
There's only one thing -- I haven't been able to arrange for anyone to stay with Bobby.  I don't suppose we could take him with us?
We're all set. I picked up some sandwiches and put gas in the car. And the radio's still busted so me can forget about the space man for today.
I think I'm very lucky. You don't always get a chance to recognize a mistake before you make it.
No. That's all finished.
He'll have you -- and Tom.
We'll miss you very much -- Bobby and I.  He won't have anyone to play with.
How long will I live?  That no one can say.
But how -- how long--?
This technique in certain cases can re-stimulate life for a limited period. It's a refinement of scientific principles known to your own people.
No -- that is a power reserved to the Almighty Spirit.
You mean he has the power of life and death?
I -- I thought you were--
Remember those words.
Gort?  But he's a robot. I mean -- without you what could he do?
I'm worried about Gort. I'm afraid of what he might do -- if anything should happen to me.
It's only a few blocks to Barnhardt's.
At the ship.
Where is the meeting going to be?
I'm sure Barnhardt can arrange to hide me until the meeting.
Tom... He was there last night when Bobby told me what he saw.
No wait a minute -- there's someone else.
Back to the boardinghouse. I'll be safe there for the afternoon -- and I can keep an eye on Bobby. He's the only other person who knows anything about--
Where are you going now?
Yes -- Just exactly.
It must be twelve-thirty.
I can see no other hope for your planet. If the meeting should fail then I'm afraid there is no hope.
You hold great hope for this meeting.
You see -- the electricity's been neutralized -- all over the world.
It won't work.
We could try pushing the other buttons.  I have a flashlight in my purse.
We'll be stuck here for a little while -- about thirty minutes.
Just twelve.
What time is it?
What happened?
Before I ask you to be honest with me perhaps I should be completely honest with you--
What is it you want?
Did you believe what he told you?  I have a reason for asking this -- a very important reason.
I -- I didn't really pay much attention--  Bobby has such an active imagination.
I want to know what he told you last night.
I saw Bobby this morning before he went to school--
May I walk out with you?
I -- I was Just going to lunch.
May I see you for a minute?
Oh -- hello--
Goodnight my dear.
Mr. Carpenter I--  Goodnight.
Goodnight Mr. Carpenter.
Excuse me. I was just going up to my room.
Oh -- they just wanted to ask me a few questions. Bobby and I tried to see Professor Barnhardt in the afternoon but he wasn't in. Apparently they thought I was looking for secrets of some kind.
Mr. Carpenter -- this is none of my business but -- why did that detective come here last night?
Warm and friendly and intelligent--  You know -- he's the only real friend I've made since I've been here.
Naturally I think so.
He's a fine boy Mrs. Benson.
He has his homework to keep him occupied.
Bobby's the only person I know who isn't -- Jittery.
Jittery is the word.
Everyone seems so-- 
I enjoyed every minute of it.
I don't know how to thank you.
You might keep this.  I think the professor will want to get in touch with me.
Well he's not here. And he won't be back till this evening.  I think you'd better leave now. Unruffled Klaatu turns to the desk and scribbles something on a scratch pad. He tears off the piece of paper and hands it to Hilda.
We came to see Professor Barnhardt.
How did you get in here? And what do you want?
He'll catch on to it in no time now.
How dare you write on that blackboard!  Do you realize the Professor has been working on that problem for weeks?
I'd give you a very good price.
No -- no thanks.
Would you like to sell it?
You sure about that?
There are no diamonds like this -- any place in the world.
That's what I wanted you to tell me.
I have never seen such a stone. Will you please tell me where it came from?
Is it worth anything?
Get going will you Brady -- before I get mad!
May I suggest that you call the Professor?
They can tell right away. They've got a couple of doctors who saw this man in the hospital.  Take him over to G2.
How long will that take?
People get hysterical enough they do anything.  Look Mr. Carpenter -- if you can't identify yourself I got to send you over to the Army.
They would have killed this man?
Okay -- book him and get him fixed up.  Looks like everybody's goin' nuts.
Well how do I know who you are?
No -- I'm afraid not.
Your name's Carpenter -- that right?  Any identification Mr. Carpenter? Driver's license -- social security number?
It's really quite simple... The three- body problem you know.
But I suppose you know the answer.
In this case the secret wouldn't be worth much. He doesn't know the answer himself.
I suppose you know that Barnhardt does a lot of secret work for the Army.
That's right.
Oh I see. He was having trouble and you were helping him out.
I was only trying to be helpful. He was having difficulty with a problem.
The Professor's secretary says she found you in Barnhardt's room making marks on his blackboard.
Nowhere... Just straight to the ocean.
Where these tracks headed?
Dogs don't eat each other.
Maybe dinner.
Let's load 'em.
All right... Box of dynamite... box of thermite... three shotguns... box of flares... two flare guns... thirty cans gasoline... and a case of alcohol.
Screw it I'm going up anyway.
Pretty nasty out Mac.  Thirty-five knots.
Just listen.
What do you want from us?
And the horse you rode in on. Sixteen for how long?!  You can't predict this time of year...
Nothing.  Nothing at all.
What the hell you looking at me like that for?
Ah... He was hurt bad.  Bullet nicked an artery... I don't know... An hour... hour and a half...
How long were you with the dog? Alone I mean?
You're saying he wasn't put into the kennel until the night?
Don't know.  Looked for him for a bit... couldn't find him.
Well where was he?  Where did he go?
Well after I worked on him -- thought I'd let him rest.  Left the room for a bit.  When I came back he was gone.
What was he doing in the rec room?
That night?
No.  Just that he recovered real quick... That night when I found him in the rec room he had already scraped off his bandage.  Before I put him with the others I redressed his wound and noticed it had healed up real good...
Clark did you notice anything strange about that dog?  Just anything at all?  Any little thing?
It was a life form that was able to imitate and reproduce whatever it ate or absorbed cell for cell.
I've got six dead Norwegians on my hands a burned up flying saucer and we've just destroyed the scientific find of the century.  Now fuck off!
You can't let anybody leave!
Damn you Blair!  You've already got everybody half-hysterical around here.
Don't you understand?!  That Thing didn't want to become a dog...
If the weather clears enough before we reach anybody -- I'm sending you and Doc up to MacMurdo...
Listen to me Garry.  Please...
No I... I don't mean infection... or disease...
Anybody sick?
... It could have gotten to somebody...
Well... there's still some cell activity... it's not entirely dead yet.
So what's our problem?
Look I know it's hard to believe...
Sure.  You think there's a connection?
I've asked him to try and locate the site.  Okay with you?
Couldn't make much of it myself.
I just can't comprehend any of this. It was just a dog.
Was that dog the Norwegian dog?
You promise?
And I don't want any more food with sedatives in it.  I know what you're up to.  Don't think I don't.  And if anyone tries to get in here -- I've got rope.  I'll hang myself before it gets to me.
Now why'd you go and...
Well who the hell you think wants to get in there with you?
Nobody's getting in here.  You can tell them all that!
What you doin'?
... I think the whole process would have taken an hour... maybe more. And then I suppose both would have changed back to dog form.
Finish what?
Whatever that Norwegian dog was... It... It was capable of changing its form...  ... when it attacked our dog... it somehow was able to digest... or... absorb it... and in the process shaped its own cells to imitate our dog's cells exactly...  ... This for instance isn't dog at all -- it's imitation... We got to it before it had time to finish or...
We'll see...
Fuchs...?  No it's not Fuchs... You must let me back in... I won't harm anyone... I promise...
Have you come across Fuchs?
I've changed my mind... I'd... I'd like to come back inside... I don't want to stay out here any more... Funny things... I hear funny things out here.
Watch him close.  Ask him why he didn't kennel the dog.
Watch Clark.
Know what you mean Blair.  Trust is a tough thing to come by these days. Just trust in the Lord.
I don't know who to trust.
How you doin' old boy?
No you're not!  I don't trust any of you!
Look Blair maybe you're right about this.  But we've got to be rational. We've got to talk this over.  I'm unarmed and I'm coming in.
... Can't you see...?  If one cell of this Thing got out it could imitate every living thing on Earth. Nothing could stop it!  Nothing!
... You think this Thing wants to become an animal?  Dogs can't make it 1000 miles to the sea.  No skua gulls to imitate this time of year... No penguins this far inland... Don't you understand?!  It wanted to become us!
Too damn dangerous.
No.  Just let him freeze out there.
He's so close.  Maybe our best chance to blow him away.
Why you so damn anxious to let him in here...
Let's open it.  Now...
Let's open it.
If it did get to him.
Could have been anytime.  Anywhere.
Wasn't enough time.  Generator was out what...?  Thirty minutes. Takes the bastards an hour maybe two to absorb somebody.
Why didn't it imitate Fuchs?  Isn't that its number -- to get more recruits.
Now hold on you dumb...
We got to burn 'em.
What's it going to do being a plant?
Don't get near 'em.  The plants! They're alive.  Those things can imitate anything...
Let go of me...
Now who'd go and do...
Somebody broke in.
Cut bullshit.  Been pulled apart.
Auxiliary light cables...?  Been cut.
Don't walk behind me.
Ain't it there?
Childs where's that magneto from Chopper One?
Cool it Palmer!!
Happens all the time man.  They're falling out of the skies like flies. Government knows all about it... Chariots of the Gods man... They practically own South America.  I mean they taught the Incas everything they knew...
You lying bastard...
Was dark... find a light...
I said where?  Where'd you go?!
Look I haven't been near that... that refrigerator.
That key ring of yours is always hooked to your belt.  Now how could somebody get to it without you knowing?
I suppose... well it's possible someone might have lifted it from me.  But...
Am I starting to look Norwegian to you Bwana?
You catch anything he was saying?
When we were up poking around his place... I found this...
Cut him loose?
Cut him loose of the line up by his shack.
Clark you want me to come in after you?!
Somebody's taken it.  I can't find it!
Clark you come on out here!!
It's shorted out or something!
That's impossible man!  Okay Clark out of the john where I can see you!
I'm working it!  Nothing's happening!
Cut that out Copper.  Nauls?  What's taking you?!
No.  The generator.  You got the auxiliary box just off the kitchen. Get to it.  Where's the damn flashlight?  You fellas okay over there?
Childs!  That a fuse?
Who you trying to protect mutherfucker?  I'm telling you this S.O.B. could be one of them.
Lighten your load sucker.  You ain't the judge and executioner around here!
If we've got any surprises for each other -- we shouldn't be in any condition to do anything about it.  You play chess?
If you're worried about anything let's take that blood test of yours.
Maybe we shouldn't make it.
Then we'll never make it.
Maybe we shouldn't.
Maybe we should try and fix the radio... try and get some help.
Neither will we.
The fire's got the temperature way up all over camp... won't last long though.
Not the only one.
I think so.
Smart S.O.B.  He put it together piece by piece.
Spaceship of some kind.
We'll see.  Let's try Clark.
Load of bullshit.
Now Copper you tie Palmer up.
We should have jumped his ass.
Then kill me.
Then I'll have to kill you.
You ain't tying me up.
For your health.
Palmer you and Copper tie everyone down.  Real tight.
We ain't buying that.
... Ever occur to the jury that anybody could have gotten to some of my clothes and stuck them up...
You been made MacReady.
What clothes?
We found your clothes -- the ones you tried to burn.
You're a dead man MacReady -- or a dead whatever the hell you are!
What are you doing?
... Where is everybody?!  I'm half frostbit!
... Nothing human could have made it back here in this weather without a guideline...
Cut the bullshit... Okay Sanchez you come with us.  Norris... you stay here...  Any of them move -- you fry 'em. And if you hear anything anything at all you let loose the siren.  We all meet back here in twenty minutes regardless.  And everybody watch whoever you're with.  Real close.
Well who says I want you going with me?!
Gee thanks!
Oh shit!  Well hang on!
Garry's missing!
We got morphine don't we.
What do we do about those three?
He's gone already!  Do it!
Torch them!!
How the fuck do I know?!
What we going to do?!
Probably the next meal.
Where's the other half?
That's good enough.
I can get maybe another five or six feet out of it.
You buy any of this Blair?
I don't know how.  Because he's different than we are.  Because he's a space guy.  What do you want from me anyway.  Go ask Blair.
Now how's this motherfucker wake up after thousands of years in the ice huh?
Yeah they dig him up and cart him back.  He gets thawed out wakes up and scares the shit out of them. And they get into one hell of a brawl...
I just can't believe this voodoo bullshit.  You believe this voodoo bullshit Blair?
... So it crashes and this guy whoever he is gets thrown out or walks out and ends up freezing.
Well go on.
Look I'm just guessing...
Screw the dogs!!  Torch it!!
Torch it over there!
Childs you got the torch?  You get your ass in here!!
What's happening?
Didn't think you'd use that fibrillator on Norris if you were one of them.
I guess you're okay.
Damn you MacReady!
And if anyone tries to wake me...
Enough MacReady!
I'm a real light sleeper Childs...
Now hold him.
I think so.
Would that test have worked?
I guess I'm the only one.
Well who's got access to it?
It's getting late.  Hurry it.  I'm going to check the last few rooms.
Could be important work.  Might as well bring it back.
What are you doing?
All in Norwegian.
They're not Swedish goddamn it they're Norwegian MacRe --
Hey Sweden!!!
Come on Copper.
My God what in hell happened here?
So I don't want to end up crawling around with them when we go down.
Screw regulations!  Four guys could be crawling around on their bellies out there!
Well get to it.
A couple of hours.
How long will it take you to prepare this?
And if it got to Clark... Clark could have gotten to anybody.
Hold on damn it.  We're getting nowhere... If this bit of Blair's about absorbing and imitating is true... then that dog could have gotten to anybody.
Could be anything... Men in isolation... some beef that snowballed... got out of hand...
Goes on like that quite awhile.  What do you gentlemen make of it?
In this weather?
Yes there is.  I'd like to go up.
Nothing we can do about that.
... Guys as crazy as that could have done a lot of damage to their own before they got to us.
After all this mess.
After all this mess then.
Let's just not get worried about anything just now.
I'm getting worried about you.  You ought to have a checkup.
A day or so ago... I guess.
When was the last time you used it?
I don't see how... when I'm finished I return it right away.
A serum test possibly.
Can there be... some kind of test? To find out who's what?
What's that?
Right.  Why not?
Started with six.  There'd be four others left.
How many in their party?
'Bout eighty kilos southwest.
How far's that?
Gotta be from the Norwegian camp.
I'll put this right through your head.
Put that down!
Well stick with it.  I want you at it round the clock.  We got to get help in here...
Couple seconds of an Argentine disco station.
Well stick to it.
We're a thousand miles from anybody else man.  It's going to get a hell of a lot worse before it gets better.
You reach anybody yet?
Hey man...!
Little over two hours.
How long's it been?
One thousand volts.  Should be enough.
Looks good.
Thought you'd feel that way Garry. You were the only one who could have gotten to that blood plasma...  ... we'll do you last...
Pure nonsense.  This won't prove a damn thing.
Damn if I won't.
Let's rush him.  He's not going to blow us all up.
Could anyone have gotten it from you?
Ah... no one... I give it to Copper when he needs it...
Palmer how long would it take you to strap those big four-cylinder carburetors on?
You're not going to catch them in one of those with the start they got.
Get these things out of supply and meet me over by the snowmobiles.
I am going after them.
You're not thinking of going after them are you?
Extinguishers.
Don't let up Childs!
We're on fire!
What are you talking?!  He's had two months training in those choppers!
Look if you're going to keep bitching MacReady -- Palmer's offered to take him up...
Norris looked pretty dead himself. Bullets don't kill these Things.
Tie up Clark too.
I'm sure a lot of you already know.
What kind of test?
I ain't going with Sanchez.
Sanchez you and Palmer search the inside...
Hope so.  Another ten fifteen minutes.  What I don't get is...
We going to make it?
Somebody definitely messed with it.
Mac where the hell is that pump!!
Sanchez...?  Hey who...
Move it Palmer.
No it ain't there.  Would I be asking if it were there?
And that was enough?
Copper thinks they swallowed pieces of it during the fight.
How's that Thing get to the dogs?  I though we stopped it in time.
Then get a move on.  Childs come with me.
Oh I got you.  Not too long.
Blair.  He's gone berserk.
What is it out there anyway? Forty-five knots?
I'm going to blow the generator when you get back.  He'll have to come for us -- or freeze.
He might just wait us out.
It'll come.  It needs us.  We're the only thing left to imitate...  Give me a hand.
What if it doesn't come?
If he's one of those Things we've got to get to him before he changes... Nauls you and Childs and I'll check the outside shacks...
We've got to find Fuchs.  When we find him -- we kill him.
Screw the flashlights.  Where the hell were you?
Where were the flashlights?
Can you think of any other tests?
How we going to try and find out who's... you know who's who?
Bet the last place you ever go.
Then we go after him.
Maybe it ain't coming.
Position my ass...
Calm down and get in your position.
Got Sanchez... World War Three wouldn't mess with this fucker... Can go through walls... And it's like all over the place...
Screw the generator!!
The generator!
Chance we got to take.  We got to force him to come down the east side to the door we got rigged.
You crazy?  He might be inside already?
You and Nauls got to block off the west side bunks the mess hall and the kitchen.
Forget about Childs.  He's over.
What about Childs?
Anyplace but here.
Where was he trying to go?
Everything that's been missing.
What is it?
Watching Norris in there... gave me the idea that maybe every part of you bastards is a whole.  Every piece of you is self-sufficient an animal unto itself.  When a man bleeds it's just tissue.  But blood from one of you Things won't obey. It's a newly formed individual with a built-in desire to protect its own life.  When attacked your blood will try and survive -- and crawl away from a hot needle say.
What are you going to do?  Drink it?
We're going to draw a little bit of everybody's blood.
Bullshit!  He's got to know damn well I cut it!
... Hey somebody!  Open up it's me MacReady...  ... Come on damn it... The towline snapped.  Been crawling around like a seal out here...
Couldn't be possible.  Must have weighted a ton and a half...
This storm do that?
Just keep looking.
That thing's too smart to be hiding any more of its clothes MacReady.
Well let's get down there.
It's the generator I think!  No power.
MacReady that you?
What's happened?!
Right.  Half of us awake at all times.
We should sleep in shifts.
Who else could have used that key?
Somebody else sure as hell thought so.
No chance it could have been some new kind of test craft?
You know damn well what we both make of it.
So what do you make of it?
Magnesium of some type... or some kind of strange alloy.  And those poor dumb bastards had to go and blow the hell out of it.
Get your gear on.
We got any more of those electronic chess things down in supply?
You jerking off or just pissed?
Can't hear you.
It's in between us and them!!  How we going to get back?!
It's got into the pub!  It's turned on the stereo!
You hear that?
When do you think it got to him?
He's one of them.
MacReady...?
... Made sure I got ahead of him on the towline on the way back... cut him loose.
But there's nothing here.
Yes.  Just about here.
Around here.
This is it?
... Well you wanted to see it.
I'll be all right... You go back to the village and light the fire.  So we can find our way home.
But you're only a mud carrier.
Please just listen to me... Your mother would be very cross with me if you got hurt.  I'll find her.
I think we should go on by ourselves.
He came back screaming... He never talked about it after that.  I don't think he even got this far.
What happened?
I had a friend who came here once. Sort of a dare.
About the voice in the darkness. About the ghosts...
What kind of stories?
No one ever comes here.  My mother told me stories about it late at night.  They tell all the children.
I shouldn't have mentioned it.  We can't go there.
You have books?!  Kalen you've got to take me there.  There might be history.  Records.  Something to help us find where the Morlocks took --
The Hall of Books.
There's a place that might help... we could try going there.
We're not supposed to think about it.  But I dream about it sometimes...
Kalen... Do you have any idea where they take them?
What else can they do?
How can they just go back to work as if nothing happened?
I'm so sorry Kalen.
She didn't want me to be a climber. She wanted me to be a planner like her.
Exactly like you.  Well maybe not as healthy.
And everyone looks like us?
... Thousands and thousands of people.  And sometimes we live in great buildings that reach up five or ten stories.
'Fraid so.  Just a regular old... mud carrier.
Don't tell me you're a mud carrier.
I'm training to be a high climber.
On the towers?
What do you do on the towers?
I figured that.  What kind of accident?
I had an accident.
Now how did you get hurt?
The journey is part of my work.
It must have been hard leaving your work.
I should hope not...  ... Alexander... Make them read my books.  Tell them who they are. Who they could be.
I'll never forget this.
Now get out of my sight you hideous primate.
I'm going to end it Alexander.  As we discussed...
I don't understand.
Go back to the light.  You weren't made for this.  I was... I was made for this moment.
I won't leave you like this.
I'm babbling.  Good to have someone to talk to for a change... But you need to go.  Take her out of here...  ... I don't have long.
Nothing to do I'm afraid.  I'm just a librarian after all.  Wasn't exactly made for all this swashbuckling.  Very Byronic end though.  I appreciate that.  Do you know Byron?
What can I do?  Tell me what to do.
Takes a licking but keeps on ticking...  ... For a while anyway.
Imagine that... seems that little devil got my power relays...
This has to end.
This has to end.
How are your dreams now?
They raise them like cattle... Feed them until they're ready and then hunt them.
Trust me... You don't want to see any more.
What do you mean?
Alexander... Listen to me it was wrong to bring you.  You're not going to find what you're looking for.
The Morlocks didn't build this.
Why did they built it?
The air... the power.
What's it all for?
Do you know which way?
Yes... Thank you.
In for a penny in for a pound.  Do you know that saying?
Yes.  But you've done enough. Thank you for your help... I hope someday people read your books again.
Yes... Are you sure you want to do this?
This is the way in?
It's what they want you to see.
Oh shut up.
Aren't you a plucky little -- ?
So do we go on?
It was meant to.
It frightens you.
My God... I saw this.
Kalen... hold on a minute.
Send him home.  You don't want him to see it.
Send him away.
Last night.
When was his mother taken?
I'm used to that.
And if the truth is so horrible that it will haunt your dreams for all time?
So Relic you want to open Pandora's box do you?  See all the mysteries exposed?
You'll live like this forever. Alone.  You were meant to help.  To be with people.  Not like this.
Because you'll never die.
Why should I help you?  You primates -- you great lumbering hairy animals drenched in blood from the moment of your hideous conception -- what have you ever used knowledge for but destruction and bloodshed!  A little bit of learning and you lay waste to the world!  You're no better than the Morlocks!
We need your help.
Can you show us where they live?
Regenerating fission reactor you wouldn't understand.  It's power is well beyond your neanderthal cranial capacity.
How have you survived so long?
I was lucky.  The others weren't.
But you escaped.
Oh yes... They found our knowledge useful for a time.  They used us much as your people did.  Then they decided they had learned enough so they tore us up for spare parts.
Do you know where they live?
Who doesn't know the Morlocks?
You know of them?
Morlocks --
Please we need your help.  The Morlocks have taken --
I am called Vox...  ... Now you are Eloi.
Sir... have you a name?
I know you -- you're an automaton of some sort that --
I'm the librarian.  I've always been the librarian.
What are you?
I must say you look remarkably good.  You don't want a book then?
I can smell carcinogens and industrial pollutants on your skin that have not been known here for --  -- 800000 years perhaps.  Don't keep me in suspense.  What year?
How did you know?!
Right up your alley I would think. You are from the past yes?
And why not?
I don't think that's going to happen.
But you've earned a reward for your valor.  I think you should become. You'll like it here.  Once you get used to the darkness.
Oh you won't be running for long...
I'm tired of running.
Does this prove something to you? Have you made some great stand of which I'm unaware?
I could have a hundred Morlocks here in thirty seconds.
I'm a foolish man.
That was a foolish thing to do.
It's always the tiger for you Alexander haven't you learned that by now?...
If I can only find the right door... the lady or the tiger...
Now will you go?
After all you've seen... after man's entire journey... you still believe that?
A man can change his history.
She won't remember you.  None of them will.  You will be forgotten. That is how history works.
Yes.  Initiative and daring are not desirable traits in the Eloi.  But you should be happy for her.  She won't remember the creature she was.  She will... become.
You took her because she helped me.
When a creature shows too much independent thought we remove them from the gene pool.  We're breeding them for submission.  Soon they will be fully domesticated.
So you take their best...
We have lost the capacity to reproduce.  But the species must continue.
I could tell them.  Warm them of what's to come.
Alexander yours is a world of brocade and velvet not tooth and claw.  Why would you come back to this?  To save a few cattle?  No.
Say I just come back again?
Because the past is immutable. Frozen.  Dead... And you are the past.
Why would you let me go back?
Go back to where you came from.  Or die here.
It can't all be like this...
And who are you Alexander?  Who are you to question thousands of years of evolution?  This is the world now.  I am fact.
But this is barbaric!  Have you completely lost all sense of --
No... they didn't survive only to be your food.  You did that.
They survived above.  Became what they are.
And what of the Eloi?
As our bodies atrophied our minds... compensated.
We make them see what we wish.
How do you control the Morlocks?
And centuries later when we tried to emerge into the sun again we couldn't.  Our adaptation was too successful.  We survived... we endured... for this.
To work the machines and build the tunnels.  You can't imagine what it was like when it all started.  We survived for millennia scraping the lichen and microscopic organisms from the rock with our teeth and digging for water with our nails.  Endlessly.  For generations.  And we... became.
You wouldn't understand.  We genetically engineered the Morlock class to serve our needs.
No we created the Morlocks.
You came underground when the world was ending above.  And you evolved. Some into the Morlocks and others --
Well Alexander as a fellow scientist I know you have a thousand questions --
What's your name?
You have my word...  ... She's just a beauty.
Next time then.  We perambulate here most every night.
Ahhh... I'm afraid I've got a prior commitment.
Well much obliged -- I'm always forgetting the confounded brake -- say if you wait until I get her up and running I'll give you a perambulation.  Tell you all about her.
I just love mechanical things.
God -- could have killed me -- bad girl Nell!  How did you know to do that?
There's a cantilevered gasket on the --
How do you keep the water temperature stable?
Now that's what I call plain crazy -- internal combustion is just too dangerous all those little explosions never catch on.
I've only read about them -- and the new internals.
Thanks.  Old Nell's my girl all right.  Al least when she decides to move stubborn beast.
It's spectacular...
I was getting to that... The moon has reached the gravitational Roche Limit 7300 miles above the surface of the Earth.  This has created pressure on the lunar stratum beyond gravitational tolerances.  It might be helpful to know that the nearest public evacuation shelters can be found at Grand Central Station Madison Square Garden --
Why is it -- breaking up?
Well considering it is in fact happening I would assume it's possible.  The retrograde orbit began in 2005 when the demolitions for the lunar colonies --
No -- wait -- the moon's falling out of orbit -- that's not possible!
The 2005 terraforming demolitions for the lunar excavations sent the moon into a diminishing retrograde orbit resulting in global gravitational fluctuations increased seismic activity and tidal anomalies.  Can I tell you more?
What's happening to the moon?!
I am the Fifth Avenue Public Library informational kiosk.  VOX registration NY-114.  May I help you?
I -- what are you?!
May I help you?
I have something for you...
Alex... people are staring.
It's only a machine.
Now I know you're ill -- passing up the chance to explore some new gadget.
I've seen it.
Heavens look at that now!
So it's astronomy now is it?
The sailor's omen of good fortune. The hunter watching over him on his travels.
They are rare...  ... Orion's belt pointing to the earth --
Not like this.  Never like this. Emma I swear to you -- if I've learned one thing it's that moments like this are rare.  And I will thank God for them every moment of every day.
We took a walk three days ago.
No I'm fine.  I'm...  ... wonderful.  Just walking down the street with you again.
You're so pale... I hope you're not coming down with something.
Alex it's just the zoo.
I want to get into the light that's all.  Please...
Why do we have to race for heaven's sake?!
Shhh.  Let's just hurry on here. We don't have to talk all right?
Nothing -- let's just get out of the park.
Alex what is it?
All right...
No... let's walk through the city.
Let's walk through the park...
Not here... alone.  Please.
All right...
I need... to talk to you.
Holding you... again.
Alex what is it?
Trust me...
You know I can't.
Dance with me...
Got here as soon as I could.
You're late.
Your birth stone.  I thought --
A moonstone.
I know it's not a diamond but --
Hold on... I know I have it...
You know the moment is rather dying here.
And what do you propose Professor? Shall we hold a seminar to study the problem?
Oh dammit I love you!  I can't eat I can't sleep I can't think all I do is moon over you and -- hum apparently.
You're getting warmer.
I mean... well... affection.
Admiration?  My my.
Emma you know I have great... admiration for you.
All right what is it now?
What?  Yes -- Orion -- good fortune -- sailors.
... Orion's belt pointing to the earth.  You see it over the rocks there?  Sailors consider that an omen of good fortune; the hunter watching over them on their travels... Are you listening to me Alex?
Not here... alone.  May we? Please?
Talk away Professor.
I need to... um... talk to you.
Well there's something new.
Sorry... I was distracted.
You promised me flowers tonight don't you even remember?
You promised me flowers.
Trust me...
You know I can't.
Dance with me...
Got here as soon as I could.
You're late.
This... was my home.
And this would be my study.  There was an elm tree outside the window then.
Good night Alex.
Good night David.
In a week... we will never have had this conversation.
All right.  I'll come for dinner. And in the meantime... you'll think about what we discussed?
I pray to God that in a week you're not here.
You won't say that in a week.
You're dying here.  Don't you see that?!
That's absurd --
There are trains leaving Grand Central every then minutes.  A dozen liners leaving the harbor. Get on one of them.  Go to Singapore Scotland Manchuria anywhere just away from here --
I can't leave when I'm so close.
When's the last time you were outside this house --  -- or this room?
I can't do that --
Why don't you come to our house instead?
I'll tell you what... come by for dinner in a week and I'll show you.
You wouldn't believe me.
What is it?
David... I appreciate your concern I do.  But I ask you to have faith in me.  Just for a little while longer.  I'm working on something now.  Something... extraordinary.
That's where you're wrong.  I will change it.
Alex nothing will ever change what happened but --
Do you find her?
Wasn't it?... I have a dream almost every night now.  The Lady and the Tiger you remember that story?  In the dream I'm alone in a huge chamber with a thousand doors. Behind every door save one is a tiger.  I have to make the decision.  Which door conceals Emma?  And I just stand there... looking at the doors...
It wasn't your fault Alex.
You don't know that.  You couldn't possibly.  If I'd only done this or that if I'd arrived ten minutes earlier or later.  If we'd taken a different path or I hadn't fought the man for the ring.  You have no idea what it is to relive every moment of that night -- consider every action you made -- and every one of them wrong.
I know that --
I live with it every minute of every day.
What happened to Emma will never go away.  It's part of you now and it always will be.  But you have to learn to live with it...
I care more about my life.  And yours.
That's because I'm working.  You remember that?  You used to care about your work.
You know that's what it is.  Mrs. Watchit tells me you're here at all hours -- day and night --
But you won't listen.  You won't see me you won't see anyone.  What would you like me to tell Jamie? That Uncle Alex is busy?  That Uncle Alex is hiding up there in his laboratory --
You care for me.  And you're concerned.  And I have to start living my life again.  I hear it from Mrs. Watchit every day.
There are some things I need to say to you.  You may not like hearing them but I don't know if I'll ever get another chance --
For God's Sake David --
It's my Jamie's birthday today. Your godson.  He's nine years old. At his party he asked me if Uncle Alex was coming.  I told him no. Then he asked me if you didn't like him anymore.
Then why are you here?
It hurt me Alex.  Very much.
I'm sorry David.
I came by the house every day after the funeral.  And then every week. Then every other month.  Then I stopped coming.  Did you even notice?
I've been working.
Perseverance.
All these clocks -- how can you constantly be running late?!
She's gotten into your equations.
Alex really... good luck tonight. She's a fine girl and she's done wonderful things for you.
No I'm all bowler hat remember?
Do you have a romantic bone in your body?
She made the best Shepherd's pie I ever tasted.
That's how I knew we were destined to be together.  When I met her parents for the first time I came right from class and I was covered in chalk.  They sniffed and snorted but she just smiled.  At that moment -- I just knew.  How did you know with Molly?
The most able inventor I know and you can't tie a simple four-in- hand.
How romantic...
Emma actually likes chalk dust -- says it smells like me.
In the future we'll be better.
But shouldn't it be better? Shouldn't we be teaching our students to imagine a world beyond all this?
You may not like it but this is the world we live in Alex.  Little grey men with little grey hats.
I don't.  I want them to run along this street and knock off every bowler they see.
I want my students to emerge with theoretical and practical knowledge.
Look at them Philby all alike everyone in an identical bowler hat.  Do you want your students to turn out like them?
You sound like my father...
Alex this is your first year as an associate professor.  You might want to play things a little more conservatively.
Where's the challenge in that?
You know generally teachers are supposed to teach real equations that add up to real numbers.
... One day he'll be discovered by some future archeologists and they won't know what to make of him. The thick brow so lacking in imagination.  The dim little eyes devoid of curiosity.
God and I'm running late --
Tonight's the night?
Damned if I can keep her out of my equations.
Do you know you were humming?
... The point is I know it will work once the um numbers and such are in order.
All right all right -- here -- everything --
Did you hear me lad?
I don't understand.
And your jewelry too.  I guess we could consider this your first little bump on the road to married bliss.
I hope it's a happy journey for you both -- and much as I hate to do this moved as I am by your protestations of love I'll be needing your money now.
Thank you...
Couldn't help but overhearing.  Two fine young people starting out on the road of life.  I wish you the very best.
My laboratory was about... here. And the kitchen was over there where that tree is.  Mrs. Watchit wouldn't allow me in much... but yes this is about the kitchen.
It was different then.
Kalen -- we have to get Kalen -- !
Mara -- what -- ?!
Please I beg you.  Take him away from here --
Alexander take my son away.  Take him back to your time.  Will you do that?
Go back to your own time?
Yes... I suppose so.
So you can use it now?
Yes... a little scorching on the upholstery but otherwise all ship- shape.
It's undamaged?
Good -- it looks fine.  We had quite a ride together...
I know what it is to lose someone. When my husband was taken from us... I thought the pain would never end.
You've welcomed me into your home. Into your lives.  Everyone has... For the first time in a long time it doesn't hurt quite so much.  I thank you for that.
If you only knew...
Yes... After her death it was intolerable for me here... The future had to be better.
Someone you loved very much.
You lost someone.
This is where my journey started... right here.
Over there was Fifth Avenue -- and the Plaza Hotel was there... this is... the carriage path.  We're on the carriage path.
You know this?
Those rocks over there... they're the same... this is... Central Park.
Orion's belt...
Alexander...?
Looking back... I suppose it was. I didn't quite realize it at the time but...
It sounds like a wonderful place to live.
Oh it was...  ... Most of the time.
It must have been safe.
Only to keep warm.  For illumination we had gaslights on most of the streets and a new invention called electrical lighting that made it seem like daylight all through the night.
Did you have fires at night?
Oh very.  Learning commerce the arts -- the whole place was buzzing all the time.  Night and day.
Learning was important?
Oh very much...  ... I used to work somewhere in that direction I think.  A huge university where we taught everything from botany to history to literature.
You liked it there.
... It was a great city.  The greatest city in the world.
I try to imagine how they'll look when they're done.  I try to imagine how we'll fit in with them... our place in the world.
How do you decide?
I'm a planner.  I help decide where the new towers go and what they should look like.
What are you?
And there's no shame to that.  It's all the same here.  Everyone has an important job to do.  We all work together and couldn't survive without each other.
Or mud carriers.
It's always been this way here.  We work on the towers all our lives. When we're young we train to be planners or climbers or sculptors...
Most things.  We're very high on purpose.
It has no purpose.  It's just beautiful... Does everything have a purpose where you come from?
I mean why do you do it?  What purpose does it serve?
I don't understand.
What's it all for?
It's not supposed to be easy it's supposed to be beautiful.
What you need is an engineer.  If you set up a system of pulleys and counterweights some basic block and tackle mechanism you could to this a lot more easily.
Want to be a high climber now do you?
I can see Kalen's point.
The mud carriers.
This is magnificent...
We share everything.
You share dreams?  That's incredible.
Every night.
All of you?
We all have that dream.
And you saw a shape ahead of you...
Then you came to a desert and mountains...
Mara I had a strange dream last night.  I was here walking through a forest very much like this and then...
Good night.
Good night then.
Not like this... They don't seem so bright with all the city lights.  I never really noticed them much...
Don't then have stars where you come from?
You can see so many here.
You seem fascinated by the stars.
Thank you...
I'll take you to your machine tomorrow.
I'm going to sit with Kalen.  Keep the fire burning if you can.
Just a dream.  You should sleep too.  You're still not well.
Is he all right?
For a time it was astounding.  I saw the years spinning by I was in the years spinning by.  We made such advances.  I don't understand half of them.  There was a machine that talked to me and others that flew through the sky... We must have been incredible thinkers and artists --
I'll take you tomorrow... You must have seen a lot on your journey.
Yes.  Or forward into the future. I suppose I really should check on the machine see that it hasn't been damaged...
I might find the truth rather hard to understand?... Can you go back?
Why would you do that?
More than 800000 years.
How long ago?
Allowed me to travel from my time to yours.
That machine --
I know it's hard to believe but it's true.
Oh that explains everything.
Then you can speak slowly.
You might find the truth rather hard to understand.
We don't have anything like this. Or the machine where Kalen found you.  And I doubt they do beyond the valley... Now where do you come from?
What makes you say that?
You're not from beyond the valley.
It's hard for me to imagine a better place.  Where I come from there's so much... frenzy.  Day and night.  It seems we're all running faster and faster...  ... All in identical bowler hats.
He's gone to a better place.
Your husband is dead?
Kalen will tire you out if you let him.  He's always been curious. His father was firm with him but... it's just his way.
His curiosity is amazing.
Some.  But I mean we aren't all so... handsome.
Is there a lot of illness?
Well it seems like a long time -- but it wasn't really.  It's rather hard to explain.
How long did you travel?
You're up!  You must be feeling better --
That'll be all.
May I get you some --
All right Mrs. Watchit.  You can go.
Tell him to go away --
Yes sir he --
Sir Mr. Philby is here.
Ouch -- all right wish me luck.
Oh I'm already swooning.
Then if Emma turns me down will you marry me?
Now that's more like it.  You look a proper gentlemen for once.
What's the matter with -- ?  -- What would I do without you Mrs. Watchit?
I have it but don't you think for one moment I'll be letting you go out in that filthy coat -- now go upstairs and change.  I've laid out your green coat.
Don't torture me -- do you have it?
Hello Mr. Philby.
Do you have it?!
Oh huzzah the master's home.
Very good.  Now if you will excuse us for a moment.
Because it's a new way of seeing the world!  Of seeing our place in it!
My equations are not parlor-tricks!
The advances you speak of were the result of countless years of study and empirical experimentation a careful evolutionary process not chalkboard parlor-tricks.
With respect sir would we have the telegraph without fantasy? Would we have radium and X-rays without someone first dreaming we could?
Animal husbandry is science Dr. Hartdegen.  I have been breeding these fowl for fourteen years.  I have filled a library with information on their feeding patterns social behavior and breeding.  Empirical exacting quantifiable records.
And roosters.
Sir that curriculum is forty years out of date.  The students today are looking toward the new century -- they want to be challenged and inspired not spoon-fed dusty old equations that have been proved a thousand times.  They want to explore.
Because the assigned curriculum is boring.
Might I ask why?
But I know that none of my faculty would ever deviate from the assigned curriculum.
Imagine that.
Well just as I thought.  Surely it's all been a terrible mistake. This parent actually suggested that your freshman course in applied mathematics has somehow become a seminar on theoretical physics!
Exactly correct sir.
Dr. Philby Dr. Hartdegen.  I received the most extraordinary letter last week.  From a parent. We are always pleased to receive letters from parents.  They are our employers after all.  This gentleman's son is in your class Dr. Hartdegen.
We can't change the day and the night Alexander.  This is the world.
You won't even try?
We are what we are.
Then it's time to change that --
This is out life Alexander.  It's a hard life but it is how we have always lived.
My God!  How can you just do nothing!?  They're your friends your family.  You all knew Mara. You ate with her and worked with her... Your work in the valley what is that for if not to --
We choose to believe it.
You know that's not true.
They've gone to a better place.
What do you mean?!
Alexander I know you're trying to help.  But they don't come back.
We have to go after them find where -- !
We don't know.
Where do they take them?!
I suppose so.
Good morning Alexander.  Feeling up to some work?
Of course.  You're just tired. Mara will you look after Alexander tonight?
I'm sorry I didn't mean to...
My father has gone to a better place.
No I mean someone considerably older.  Your father perhaps?
I am the oldest.
Yes.  I hope you won't take this the wrong way but is there someone older I could talk to?  An elder or patriarch of some kind?
New Yorkers.
To live in.  There's a lot of us... beyond the valley.
Oh very different.  But not entirely... I mean we have lots of um trees and such.  But not everywhere.  And more roads.  And buildings.
I took a different route.
He said he traveled for two months.
We had another visitor from beyond the valley about four years ago. His name was Moren.  Do you know him?
New Yorkers.
Well I guess you'd call us... New Yorkers.
What are your people called?
Well we're happy you're here. Come inside.
And hungry I'd say.  You had such a long journey.
Now you are upsetting my fowl. Please go.
You supported his application Dr. Philby.  You are his senior advisor.  I depend upon you to restrain his... excesses.  Any repetition of the behavior I witnessed in his classroom today and there will be consequences for you both.
If I might explain sir --
Young man we have a way of doing things here.  Radical theorizing is not acceptable.  Have I made myself understood?
Sir if I may --
Dean Fulton...
My fowl have polluted the yard.
Kalen look at me.  There's no one here but us.  You see... I'm here you're here Alexander's here. There are no Morlocks.  It was just a dream...
They're inside --
No you're safe --
They're here!  They're inside the house -- !
Kalen it's all right I'm here --
You'll tell me more tomorrow?
Kalen right now you need to go up to bed.  You're exhausting Alexander.
I want to see your home.  Will you take me?
I am.  Are you a climber?
We'll see about that.
What's it like where you come from?
What did you do at night?
That's quite enough Kalen.
I found you.  I saved your life. You were bleeding all over the place!
How did you get hurt?
Goodnight Mr. Philby.
I have no doubt of that.  I'll come by in the morning and we'll arrange it.  Goodnight Mrs. Watchit.
I think I might be.  But there'll be some changes made.  I run a tight house.
I'm glad he's gone.  Maybe he's finally found a place where he can be happy.
And you've no idea where he went?
I don't know what to tell you sir. He's been gone this whole week.
For our sake I hope not.
I wonder if that poor girl has any idea what she's in for?
Must be all the exercise I get scampering up and down these stairs like a wee lamb.
Hello Mrs. Watchit.  You're looking in the pink.
Well what are we gonna do about it now?
We never should have done this to him...
Don't get all worked up Justin. I expected some common sense on your part and clearly I was expecting too much. [Beat] Just open the drawer.
But the Jacket? I mean...should we be leaving him in like that?
Should we be what? Trying to change him any way we can? [Beat] Yes.
Should we be...
What about Starks?
But... what about Starks?
Then don't.
[Beat] Listen I hate to bother you...
No. [Beat] You put me on drugs and then you put me in the Jacket.
I didn't put you in Alpine Grove.
I'm in it as we speak. [Beat] You're haunting yourself right now. [Beat] I guess sometimes we indict ourselves if no one else does. You didn't make history like you wanted to huh Dr. Becker. It turned out different didn't it?
I don't understand...
You just told me. The last time I was with you was when I was in the Jacket. I'm in it right now Dr. Becker.
How did you come to know their names?
No we were patients.
The three of you weren't regular patients. You were criminals that ended up at Alpine Grove.
So what you guinea pig sick people to find out?
It was part of the treatment I intended...I didn't know what the effects would be...
Medication? What kind of meds do you chase with nights in a cadaver drawer?
Of people like you. People I was just trying to help. They couldn't get worse so I thought with medication they might get...
Because...because you came out and said something you couldn't have possibly have known. You came back and repeated three names...
I know. [Beat] I knew that when you came out.
I didn't say I remembered killing him. I just repeated some words to get myself back in there.
I don't know how you died. The last time I put you in the Jacket was just after you told me you remembered killing that police officer...
I didn't kill myself. I died from a blow to the head. How'd it happen? I have to know.
No. I didn't. I swear I didn't. I probably helped push you to kill yourself but I didn't do it.
I know. [Beat] You killed me didn't you?
You died Starks. Years ago in the hospital.
How...how are you here?
No. I'm not his son. I'm him. [Beat] What? You look like you've seen a ghost. You can come here and touch me old man. I'm the real thing.
[Beat] You're his son?
I think you know. Your eyes say you do.
Who are you?
You in here. [Beat] Works like a drug.
Becker how do you sleep at night?
Means we believe in doing his work and fear what the world would be like if we didn't at least try to.
And what does that mean?
I've managed to every Sunday of my life. [Beat] Some of us are God- fearing men Starks.
You sure you know where to find one?
I'll say a prayer for you in Church today Starks. Maybe the Gods can pick up where the medicine left off.
You killed him?
Getting away with things. Like whatever I may or may not have gotten away with Officer Harrison.
My business?
And what's that?
Temporarily.
They make it hard for you to get away with your business huh?
That's too bad.
Hello William. I understand you've been asking for me almost every hour. I would've been here sooner but you gave our little state visitor quite a bit to talk to me about.
Sit down Mr. Starks! Sit down Mr. Starks!
Long live the Organization for the Organized!
Maybe not. [Beat] But I do think you're in a tree... woofing like a dog. And I'm just trying to help you the only way I can think of.
We are not birds of a feather.
I wasn't pausing to see if you did. [Beat] But incidentally you should because you're birds of a feather.
I don't give a shit about your patient!
I had a patient a few years ago. His name was Ted Casey...
I didn't dream it. I may have been asleep but it wasn't a dream. BECKER sits down in a CHAIR half-shrouded in the light.
Don't give me that. I know what's real goddamnit! You strapped me in something and stuck me in a drawer.
You're just suffering from delusions that are unfortunately part of your condition.
[Pointedly] Of course you're not.
Don't act like I don't know what's real. [Beat] I'm not the one that's crazy here.
Actually that's exactly what our equipment is.
That wasn't a fucking restraint.
We were forced to use restrains if that's what you're referring to.
[Uncertainly] In that thing...the Jacket.
I don't know better. All I know is that you left me in there.
Then how would you describe him Beth? Merely rebellious?
Are you kidding me? He's not psychotic!
He's recovering on the third floor.
It's not my job to believe you.
[Beat] You don't believe me do you?
You said you couldn't remember killing Officer Harrison. Correct?
Depends on what you're seeing.
I'm just looking at you. Does that make you uncomfortable?
[Beat] So they say. [Off Becker's steady gaze] What?
Well your condition's pretty serious.
I never touched your father! I swear!
He died because he bled to death from a blow to his head. Someone had to have given him it.
I don't know what you're talking about man. I swear. This is some weird shit you're telling me... and I don't know how come you're doing it.
I didn't. [Beat] Did you have anything to do with his death?
I thought you said you never knew your father.
That's too bad.
Look here I don't like you getting in my face and saying this bullshit to me...
Oh yeah what'd he say?
My father used to talk about you.
Oh yeah sure. He killed a cop right?
Did you know my father?
He didn't either.
That's right! Goddamn you're the spitting image. I didn't know he had a son.
You may have known my father William Starks.
Do I know you from somewhere?
Later. I'll tell you about it later. We got a session to catch now.
Where? [Beat] It's Becker isn't it? He's doing stuff isn't he?
They should just be looking harder.
What should they be looking for?
They don't care about all the things we do right. [Beat] But they might ...they might care about what we're doing wrong. [Beat] That's what they should come here to look for.
It's the ticking of a box on a sheet of paper no one cares about.
Maybe it's not such a waste.
I wish they'd skip the formality of this annual review and just cut our budget. Our silence on the matter should be enough to appease the civic conscience without wasting an hour we don't have.
We're late.
Yes. [Beat] It has. Everything up 'till today is done. Everything starting with tomorrow is up for grabs.
No it hasn't.
And I can't stay here in my condition. I am going to die tonight. It's already been decided.
I can't take you out of here in your condition...
I need to get this letter to someone.
[Beat] Thank you.
[Beat] What do you need me to do?
This is really happening isn't it?
You done with your small talk?
I am. One of the few things I remember doing is eating. So I guess I must be exercising it off in my dreams.
You look like you've lost some weight. Are you eating?
Unfortunately I'm not familiar with Dr. Becker and Dr. Gries passed away three four years ago.
What about Dr. Becker and Mr. Gries?
Well Dr. Lorenson is still here at the hospital. If she was here at the time your father was then I'm sure she'd be of more help to you.
What about Dr. Thomas Becker or Dr. Loel Lorenson? There was also a Dr. Gries I think.
No I don't. I'm sorry. I wish I knew more.
His body was found on January 1 1993 but do you know if that was long after he had died?
I'm sorry I can't tell you more about your father's death Mr. Starks. Our own medical examiners determined only that he died from a blunt trauma to the head but that was right around the time the Alpine Grove's staff changed and I'm afraid we didn't have the best record system before then.
Just do it.
Jackie go play in the snow.
Mom this is the guy that drove us home that afternoon we were stuck on the highway. The guy you yelled at for no good reason...
I'm sorry? Your face looks awfully familiar I just can't quite place it...
Jackie get in the car. NOW!
Mom he just fixed our car.
Get your fucking hands off my daughter!
I'm doing fine.
How you doin'?
I fell down. [Beat] But I'm alive.
It's ok. It's ok. Relax. It's just a cut. We can get it fixed. But we need to get you to the hospital now. How'd you get that?
You're bleeding pretty bad there.
I think so.
[Beat] You be good to yourself Jackie.
Ok I guess.
Good. How's your mom?
I've been ok.
Nowhere. [Beat] I just think I'm gonna be sick.
Then where are you going?
You gotta stop thinking like that.
112 Orchard Way. [Realizing in a whisper] You're not coming back are you?
When we first met when you were 7 where was the house you lived in with your mother? Do you remember your address?
Ok. Ssh. Rest.
Lorenson's the only one that could let me out of there. I need something to persuade her that I was there. Get me something to take to her.
Because your body can only take so much of what they're putting you through.
What's happening to me? Why am I getting so much weaker?
To the hospital.
Where are we going?
Why are you saying that? [Beat] We don't have long do we?
If everything hadn't happened the way it has then I wouldn't be here right now sitting in a car with you touching your face.
What? How can you say that? He's the one that put you in that goddamn medieval...Jacket. He's probably the one who killed you.
No he didn't.
That's all you got from him? That bastard helped take your life away from you.
[Beat] They're at Church. And I bet that's where Becker is.
William you're not making sense.
They've got lives to be grateful for.
It's Sunday.
Of course he will. [Beat] What day of the week is it?
[Beat] I don't know.
Then why isn't there anyone around?
I don't know. But this isn't a dream. I'm real and so is where we are.
I don't know. Maybe that's because this whole thing is a dream. How can you have a street with no cars on it?
There're no cars on this street.
What? What are you thinking?
[Beat lost] No.
They're not.
They're not here.
Yeah. I called the number yesterday to make sure. Thomas Becker retired M.D.
You're sure?
Here drink this. I'll get the heat going.
It's not a prison it's a hospital. There's got to be some way out of there and you've got to find it...
I might not be able to.
You've got to get yourself out of that place. They're going to kill you if you don't.
Of course it makes me mad. It makes me more than mad. Just like remembering the face of the man who killed that officer and knowing nothing more about him. But what's it gonna do for me to find them now? I can't fix everything in three days.
I know. It was perfect. [Beat] Erase my sanity and you erase anything I'll ever say.
What about Captain Medley? He never told them what happened to you over there. His testimony...that coward wanted them to think you were crazy.
They told me Becker's in Shelbourne now. I looked him up and he was listed.
I don't know.
How long do we have?
Because that's the part I believe is true. You probably did help her somehow with the boy and Eugene's name did come up over and over again on the abstracts I pulled.
Let's see if they have an address for Becker. I also want to figure out more about the kid you helped her with.
Maybe. I don't know. Seems more likely Becker does but at the very least she knows how I died.
You think Lorenson kills you?
I have no idea.
Me neither. Who was the boy she was talking about Eugene?
I don't believe a thing she just said.
No. They never figured it out. I did. Most murderers don't stop to help a drunk woman and her little girl on the side of the road. Not without hurting them.
How? Did they figure it out after I died?
I didn't kill Officer Harrison.
If they don't take me out before then. [As an afterthought] What's the net?
Alpine Grove still exists. I looked it up on the net. We should go there and see if there's still anyone around who might have known what happened to you.
Then we need to figure out what happened to you. It's the only thing we can do.
[Softly] I want to trust you. Should I trust you?
I don't know. [Beat] I thought I was crazy after you left that day. I died. I still think I could be crazy. But then I replayed that night in my head -- the parts of it I could remember -- and it was like...I don't care if I was or am. I haven't felt that way in a room with someone my whole life. [Beat] And when you left all I wanted was...
Do you really believe me?
I don't know how you got the cut to your head but you died bleeding from it.
[Beat] You bled to death.
But no one knew until after...
It was banned you know... and it led to an investigation of Dr. Becker's mistreatment of some of his patients. That's when they found out how badly he was drugging his patients...
The Jacket. That's what they call it right?
I'll leave. But look at me. Look at my face Jackie. I'm not lying. I met you and your mother. I told you then that I'd lost my memory. [Beat] There was no one for miles around so I know you know there's no way I could have known that from a pair of dog tags you had lying around.
I'm telling you I don't care what time you think you're in. You're not William Starks. [Beat] I don't believe in many things but I believe in death. And it doesn't give back what it takes. So whoever you are...I did a nice thing you've made me regret it enough already so please just leave.
No it's not. [Beat] It's December 25th 2004.
It's December 25th 1993 today.
I know what this is...I picked you up when I was drunk and you probably thought I'm just fucked up enough to fall for this. But the thing is I know what I'm doing when I drink. I just usually don't care. Right now I do though. And I want you out. Now.
I don't know. But he did die. STARKS falters under the news. JACKIE looks around through her now blurred eyes like she might find some help in the apartment. She settles for the BOTTLE of VODKA on the table lowers the iron fork and takes a long heavy drink then laughs nervously as she looks up.
How'd he die?
No you didn't. They found William Starks' body dead in the snow.
I gave you my dog tags.
I looked it up.
His body was found New Year's Day 19...1993. At Alpine...
[Beat] What?
William Starks is dead... [Beat] I've been to his grave.
[Beat] What?
You can't be William Starks. He's dead.
I'm sorry for upsetting you [beat] but I'm not lying to you.
Stop it! Stop it! JACKIE covers her ears and looks at him pleading with her eyes. STARKS' eyes plead right back.
Well you belong in one.
No I don't have anything to show you. I'm here from a mental hospital.
What? Now you're gonna show me some kind of driver's license?
Jackie I'm William Starks. I can prove it.
If you don't get out of my house right now I'll call the police.
[Beat] I know it doesn't make sense. It doesn't even make sense to me.
What'd you do? Snoop all over the place? You had no right. You had no right to go through anything.
William Starks. [Beat] Thanks.
I think I can remember what's on them.
[Beat] In case you get lost or can't remember who you are.
Dog tags. [Off her blank look] They've got your name and date of birth for identification.
What're those?
Yeah I'll hitch a ride or something. [Beat] Let her throw it all up before she gets back behind the wheel.
You're just gonna walk?
Hey can you reach the gas pedal?
But I like it I guess.
[Beat] What's your name?
Yeah but I don't know what.
Your mom take anything before this happened?
Our car won't start.
You two ok?
Come on mom. Don't fall asleep...
I see you've done your homework. [Beat] Alpine Grove's undergone a lot of changes since then. At the time we didn't have the...resources to help our patients the way we needed to. [Beat] Now we do. And things are different.
Because Becker resigned after the charges brought against him by State Patient Advocacy Groups.
I still don't either even after all these years.
I don't understand.
He just said...that I'd shock Eugene and then things would change for him.
It's complicated but [looking at Starks] in a way your father let me know how I'd get through to him.
Just a little when we were looking up information about William's father. How did he help?
Sure. It's an easy address. A little far out there but easy enough.
You know how to get there?
You'll figure it out and you'll do good by him.
What are you talking about?
I don't know when it'll happen but soon I think you'll shock the boy and it'll wake him up.
You did in the future. You figured it out because a part of you already knows this. That's how it works. [Beat] I'm just telling you something you already know even if you haven't realized it.
Who told you this?
Listen to me. That's all I ask.
William I can't indulge these delusions even when you're in this state.
No. Listen to me...the kid Eugene...
I do believe you...
You still don't believe me do you?
I'm not gonna let that happen.
Can I get some paper and something to write with.
Who are you kidding Doc? You or me?
You're going to be ok William. We just need to get your fever down and we'll be able to hopefully stabilize you.
You have nothing to fear William.
Who...who kills me?
You told me this was how it happened.
How...how do you know?
I know. I know it all. Save your strength. I already know everything you're going to say. [Beat] You're in the Jacket right now aren't you?
NO! They're not my delusions! Look just leave my business with Becker to me!
I don't know how you know about Eugene but these ideas are part of your delusions.
Some part of you suspects -- even if you don't know for sure -- that what I'm saying is true.
You told me about him. I saw you and I think you thought I knew something about him. So you told me.
How do you know about Eugene?
William that is just another facet of my delusions.
Because of the future. I know what's going to happen.
And how do you know that?
I'm about to die unless I do something to stop it.
Because I don't have time.
Why don't you help me?
[Beat] Like who? Like MacKenzie maybe?
I didn't see that much of it -- same as now. I only saw it as part of my own life.
What about the world?
No. Not for people like me. [Beat] Not in the places I come from.
The future doesn't look different?
It doesn't look all that different.
Ok fine. Tell me about it. Tell me about the future. 2004. What does it look like?
Well what time is it?
[Beat] I've seen a time that's not this time. And I'm only able to see it when I'm in the Jacket.
Come on. Tell me what you do know.
I don't know. [Frustrated] Remember?
This has nothing to do with that.
Then help me understand. You know you're not alone. A lot of Gulf Vets have begun to experience curious symptoms. What you have might well be a syndrome and if so it's not one we know enough about to be treating it this vigorously.
You don't understand.
Listen to me! You don't! The Jacket is my only chance in this place.
No I do. That's what I'm saying to you.
You have no idea what's going on.
What do you mean?
I'll die either way.
You'll die if you keep smoking those in your condition.
[Beat] We will.
Well... [beat] let me know how your search turns out.
[Beat] Yeah it is.
It's important for you to know who your father was isn't it?
Why would we do that?
So maybe Dr. Becker would know. [Beat] But as I'm sure you know the statute of limitations has run out for charging the hospital with any liabilities.
My dad wrote some things down before he died.
How do you know about Dr. Becker?
Well do you think Dr. Becker would have any idea?
I was. But I saw a lot of cuts and a lot of blows. I'm sorry I don't know more about your father's. [Sincerely] I didn't know about everything that went on here.
But Dr. Morgan said you were around when my father was...
[Beat] I don't know.
How'd he get it?
I was working with a boy named Eugene.
You thought my father was crazy?
At the end he made me change my mind about a lot of things.
Yeah I did. [Beat] He was my most memorable patient.
I never knew my father. Did you?
My God you look exactly like him.
Believe me I know.
You should be careful. You could be killed if they found you out here.
So it's helping?
No. I don't want it to.
I could try to...make it stop.
Why what would you do?
No. The real events that have happened to me have been fucked up. Not my mind.
You may never remember at all. [Beat] Your mind's grasp of reality and the real events that have happened to you has been damaged.
That conviction doesn't convince me of anything. Until I know that I did it I'm not going to accept that I did.
You were convicted of the crime.
You're not crazy.
Because I don't think I'm crazy.
I guess I'd ask you why.
And if I didn't want to come?
I've been here for 11 years. It's my neighborhood. 'Course I'm sure. He's as drugged up as the rest of us...I guess he has to be to put up with all this.
Becker does? Are you sure?
[Shrugging] What if we are? There're crazier things than thinking up fictions for yourself. [Beat] Everyone does it don't they? Even Becker. That roller coaster car pops more pills than all of Ward 3.
MacKenzie [beat] what if we are crazy?
Is it true?
You could still always give Becker an itch. 'Course you might get killed when he goes to scratch it but seems to me you're saying that's about to happen anyway. [Beat] Just be careful not to walk yourself right into something.
So what am I supposed to do?
'Cause Lorenson's got her claws in it now. When she started getting suspicious about me was when they stopped using it on me. Women!
It's gonna be sticky.
No. [Beat] I mean I found out while I was in it that my body's gonna be found in four days.
Oh no you're pretty young. Your body'll be able to handle a lot more of it than you think...
The Jacket.
[Beat] How do you know?
[Gravely] No I mean in four days I'm supposed to die.
Mortality's actually a great thing to be familiar with. It means you're sane on some level.
[Cutting in] MacKenzie listen to me. Listen. I'm going to die.
I know you need one when it's really cold.
Yeah you were. What you said about them taking me out to the woods...
I wasn't talking about anything.
What were you talking about the other day?
Or just plain stupid. You'd think by the twentieth time I'd have found an alternative method. Maybe a more effective one if you know what I mean.
Yeah well 30 times probably would make you seem crazy.
I tried something like 30 times. There is as STARKS rightly figures no suitable response to that.
Don't you go to jail for that?
I tried to kill my wife.
Yeah guess so. How'd you know?
That's Kingsley. Old bastard hears us I'm sure. He just doesn't want to bother answering so he makes us think he can't talk. I know. I tried it on my mother for two months once before she fished out my tongue. Literally. [Beat] You're the cop killer right?
Great get in. We'll switch off in a bit.
Can you drive?
I'm going to Canada but I can let you ride with me up to the border.
Where are you going?
Hey Mister you need a ride?
I doubt it. [Beat] I don't think prison's so bad you don't want to remember it...
It's worse than war. It's worse than anywhere you've ever been.
You ever been to jail?
That when you stopped being a nurse?
Yeah me too. [Softly] Every day for the last ten years.
She fucked herself up day after day and then one day she fell asleep with a burning cigarette. [Beat] I came home from work and she was gone.
Never knew my father. I grew up with my mother. Actually I grew up around my mother. She was great though. I mean the way she was with her friends... She was this woman who had so much life in her she had to find ways to kill some of it just to be like the rest of us. [Beat] She died young.
Yeah. [Beat] How about you?
I guess not. But as of now I never knew either.
So you never knew your mother?
They told me I joined the army when I was seventeen. That's when my father died and before that it was apparently just me and him since I was born 'cause my mom split.
May be easy to remember but not easy to get. Being warm maybe -- but look you don't even have a coat and I still have to chop wood to make a fire. [Beat] And being happy...you tell me if that's simple.
But hey who can forget those words? The man just wants simple and good things for his woman -- that she be warm and happy. How hard can that be to remember?
You remember it?
This is a great song.
Maybe. [Beat] Maybe not.
You don't think that's crazy?
[Beat] Real is overrated.
[Beat] Why?
Well good for you.
I don't know but I think part of it's...
Shit happens and your life changes. 'Bout the best explanation of a lot of things that happen. [Beat] So how come you don't know where you're coming from?
[Beat] Why'd you stop?
Have you always been a waitress?
[Beat] I do it.
You like it?
Yup. That's me.
So you're a waitress right? I mean...from the uniform you were wearing.
This is pretty good. Considering...
You want a drink?
No it's fine. [Beat swallow] Thanks.
I only lit it because it was so cold in here. I'm sorry if...
The best I could do with what was in your fridge.
What's this?
You know what? It's Christmas Eve. And you look clean -- I mean you're normal-looking. [Resolutely for her own benefit] It's Christmas Eve and I have a couch.
[Beat] Yeah I'm fine.
No you won't. You'll die of cold out there and then I'll have to feel guilty. And I've already got more guilt than I know what to do with. [Beat] Do you want something to drink?
I'll manage.
Where are you going? You'll freeze out there. You don't even have a coat.
Nothing. [Getting up] Thanks for bringing me this far.
Great. That was our last option. What am I going to do with you?
No. [Beat] Not around here.
Well don't you somewhere? Stuff? Belongings?
Do you have a motel or something? Money?
[Beat] I was dropped off.
Well how'd you get here?
Well you definitely didn't pick normal or simple this time either.
Because in my life it wouldn't make sense for me to pick up some normal guy with a place where he's from and a place where he's going to. It'd be too simple. I probably wouldn't know how to handle a situation like that.
Of course you don't know.
I'm not sure. [Beat] I don't really know.
Well where are you from?
I don't think so.
You don't have anywhere to stay?
I'm not sure.
Let me ask you that again. This time look around and consider your options.
I'm not sure.
All right. [Beat] You got somewhere you need to go Mister?
[Beat] Thanks.
In case you hadn't figured it's Christmas Eve. You're never gonna get a cab here.
[Beat] I'm not deaf.
If you're deaf read my lips...I don't need a psycho following me today.
Ah shit.  You got me.  I ain't even married.  Now put your fucking hands in the air!
What happened to number five?
Take me to the hotel.
Lemme ask you a question.  Ever fuck a mutant?
And you get a kickback.
I know a much better place down the block -- the girls are clean; the liquor ain't watered down...
Well there it is; the Last Resort.  Sure you wanna go in?
Cheap domes.  And no air to screen out the rays.
What happened to them?
Freaks?...'Fraid so man.  Goes with the territory.
Tell me something; are all psychics uh....?
Man don't know if he's been to Mars or not
Yeah...Well actually no...Sort of.
First time on Mars?
You're getting off to an early start.
The Last Resort.
So where to?
Oh the usual.  More money more freedom more air.
What to the rebels want?
What was that?  An accident?
Welcome to Mars.
You got the job.
Over there man.
Where's yours?
He ain't got five kids to feed.
What's wrong with this one?
Hey I got four kids to feed.
How could you do this?  You're a mutant.
I think my grampa might be here.
But maybe you can change all that.
And if you wanna breathe you gotta but his air.
Whatcha doin' to me man?!  I got six kids to feed!
Shut up and drive!
The Last Resort!  Quick!
Need a ride?
I'd advise you to hurry.
How'd you find me?
Never mind.  Wet a towel and wrap it around your head.  That'll muffle the signal.
Who are you?
Don't bother looking.  It's in your skull.
They've got you bugged and they'll be busting down the door in about three minutes unless you do exactly what I say.
What do you want?
May I use your pen?
There you go Mr. Brubaker.  Suite 610 in the East Wing.
I'll go encode your room key.
Identification?
Get it please.
Hmm.  It seems you left something in our safe.
Definitely.
Would you like the same suite?
Nice to have you back with us Mr. Brubaker.
You're nothing!  You're nobody!  You're a stupid dream.  Well all dreams come to an end.
I am Quaid.
I didn't want it to end this way.  I wanted Hauser back.  But nooo.  You had to be Quaid.
Who gives a shit what you believe? In thirty seconds you'll be dead. Then I'll blow this place up...
Do you expect me to believe you?
Impossible.  Once the reaction starts it'll spread to all the turbinium in the planet.  Mars will go into global meltdown.--That's why the aliens never turned it on.
What are you afraid of?  Turn it on.
My friend five minutes from now you won't give a shit about the people.  Fire it up Doc.
Come on Cohaagen!  You got what you want.  Give these people air!
Not true he's one of my best friends...He's got a big house and a Mercedes.  And you like Melina right?  Well you'll get to fuck her every night.--That's right.  She's gonna be Hauser's babe.
The guy's a fucking asshole.
Who is it this time--my mother?
Don't take my word for it Quaid. Someone you trust wants to talk to you.
Well Cohaagen I have to hand it to you...This is the best mindfuck yet.
Perfect my ass!  --You pop your memory cap before we can activate you.  Then Richter goes hod wild screwing up everything I spent a year planning. --Frankly I'm amazed is worked.
Sorry.  Too perfect.
The guy with the suitcase; the mask; the money; the message form Hauser...All of that was set up by us.
We gave you lots of help.  Benny here...
So why am I still alive?
He wasn't in on it.  You set him off by going to Rekall.
Get your story straight.  This idiot's been trying to kill me since I went to Rekall.  --You don't kill somebody you're trying to plant.
That's what we wanted you to think. The fact is Hauser volunteered to become Doug Quaid. It was the only way to fool the psychics.
He's lying.  Hauser turned against you.
You see Quaid none of my people could get close to Kuato.  The fucking mutants could always sniff us out.  So Hauser and I sat down and invented you: the perfect mole.
Don't be modest.  Kuato's dead; the Resistance has been completely wiped out; and you were the key to the whole thing.
Well my boy you're a hero.
It's about goddamn time.
Don't be an idiot.
I say we throw the switch and see what happens.
Perfect!...Get out of Sector G.  Now. Don't think.  Do it.
They've got Quaid!  They're protecting him!
Stop fighting and get out.
Great!  Because otherwise I'll erase your ass.
Now let's get down to business.  Kuato wants what's in Quaid's head.  And he might be able to get it cause they say he's psychic.  Now I have a little plan to keep this from happening.  --Do you think you can play along?
Who told you to think?!  I don't give you enough information to think!  You do what you're told!!  That's what you do!
But I thought...
I know that.
He had help.  From our side sir.
Because I've got the greatest job in the solar system.  As long as the turbinium keeps flowing I can do anything I want.  Anything.  If fact the only thing I ever worry about is that one day if the rebels win it all might end.
Richter do you know why I'm such a happy person?
Listen to me Richter I want Quaid delivered alive for re-implantation. Have you got that?  I want him back in place with Lori.
That's now.  In an hour he could have total recall.
Lori says he can't remember jack shit!
We can't let him run around.  He knows too much.
If I wanted him dead you moron I wouldn't have dumped him on Earth.
I'm trying to neutralize a traitor.
What the fuck is going on down there?!
Come on...put his head in place.
Ernie dump him in a cab.  Around the corner.  Tiffany you help him.  I'll destroy his file and refund his money.  And if anybody comes asking...we've never heard of Douglas Quaid.
I'll do what I can.  It's getting messy in there.
Okay this is what we're gonna do. Renata cover up any memory he has of us or Rekall.
I've been trying to tell you.  Someone erased his memory.
Oh shit....Oh shit...
We haven't implanted it yet.
I'm afraid that's not possible.
Use your head you dumb bitch!  He's acting out the secret agent role from his Ego Trip!
Listen to me!  He's been going on and on about Mars.  He's really been there.
It's not my fault.  We hit a memory cap.
What the fuck is going on here?!  You can't install a simple goddamn double implant?!
Looks like another schizoid embolism.
I'm with an very important client.
You better get down here.
What is it?
Forty-one A Ernie.
Sleazy...and demure.
Demure aggressive sleazy?  Be honest.
Slim athletic voluptuous?
Blonde brunette redhead?
Hmmm.  And how do you like your women?
Your sexual orientation?
Not really.  I've just always been fascinated by Mars.
I see.  Slipping away for a little hanky-panky.
Eight years.
So been married long?
Don't you keep up with the news?  We're doing alien artifacts now.
Two-headed monsters?
Nice to meet you.
Good evening...  Doug.  I'm Dr. Lull.
It's a symbol.  Of your desire to return to reality. --Inside your dream you'll fall asleep.
What is it?
Swallow this.
Suppose I do...then what?
No need to be rude.  I'll do it.
You open it.
That's right.
She's real.  I dreamed about her before I even went to Rekall.
What about the girl?  Brunette athletic sleazy and demure; just like you specified.  Is that a coincidence?
Bullshit.  It's all coincidence.
Think about it.  Your dream started in the middle of the implant procedure. Everything after that--the chases the trip to Mars your suite here at the Hilton--these are all elements of your Rekall Holiday.  And Ego Trip: You paid to be a secret agent.
How much is Cohaagen paying you for this?
I've been artificially implanted as an emergency measure.  I'm sorry to tell you this Mr. Quaid but you've suffered a schizoid embolism. We can't snap you out of your fantasy. I've been sent in to try to talk you down.
Well if this is my delusion who invited you?
Not exactly.  What you're experiencing is a free-form delusion based on our memory tapes.  But you're inventing it yourself as you go along.
Oh I get it; I'm dreaming!  And this is all part of that delightful vacation your company sold me.
You're strapped into an implant chair and I'm monitoring you at a psycho-probe console.
Amazing.  Where are we?
I'm quite serious.  You're not here and neither am I.
Ya know Doc you could have folled me.
I'm afraid you're not really standing here right now.
I'm listening.
This is going to be very difficult for you at accept Mr. Quaid.
What do you want?
O.K. everybody pull out!
Pull them out.
This is Richter sir...I've got them pinned down.
Richter!  Call from Cohaagen.
Arrest that woman!
There!  The woman!
Quaid!  That's Quaid!
Watch your mouth Captain.
Not since you lost him.
Any news of Quaid?
Mr. Cohaagen wants to see you right away.
They found us!  Everybody out!
Wrong.  Kuato's a mutant.  So don't get upset when you see him.
You're Kuato right?
Yes you do.  That's why we brought you here.  --  Cohaagen's big secret is buried in that black hole you call a brain.  And Kuato's  gonna dig it out.
I don't know.
You tell me.
What aliens?
Cohaagen found something weird inside and it's got him scared shitless.
You heard the rumors about the Pyramid Mine?
On his way.
Where's Kuato?
We don't have much choice then do we?
If we don't hand you over everybody in the sector'll be dead by morning.
Relax you'll live longer.
Hey hey Tony.  Give the big guy a break.
Unh-uh pal.  You've got yourself mixed up with somebody else.
Harry you're making a big mistake! You've got me mixed up with somebody else!
You shoulda listened to me Quaid. I was there to keep you outta trouble.
Are you crazy?!  I don't know anything about Mars.
You blabbed Quaid!  You blabbed about Mars!
What the fuck did I do wrong?!  Tell me!
Come on let's go have that drink.
Harry what the hell is this?
No Harry I'm already late...See you tomorrow.
Let me buy you a drink.
What are you my father?
Yeah you did.  I told you not to but you did anyway.
You went to Rekall remember?
How was your trip to Mars?
Don't fuck with your brain pal.  It ain't worth it.
Well don't.
I don't know.  Maybe.
They sell fake memories.
Hey Harry...Harry!  You ever heard of Rekall?
What the hell is this?
Look at this shit.
I've got a lock!  There!
He's not at ground level.
Split up.  Find him.
I've got a weak signal over there.
I've got him.  The guy in the turban.
That son of a bitch got to be around here somewhere.
What is it?
He shoulda killed Quaid back on Mars.
Level 2.  Galleria.
Where is he?
I've got Quaid.
What was that?  I couldn't hear you.
I'm sure she hated every fuckin' minute of it.
Are you saying she liked it?
I don't blame you man.  I wouldn't want Quaid porkin' my old lady.
I want that fucker dead.
Up to the right.
Thanks for taking Johnnycab.
Quit while you're ahead.
The fare is eighteen credits please.
Anywhere!  Go!..Just go -- OH SHIT!! SHIT!!
Would you please repeat the destination?
Drive!  DRIVE!!
Welcome to JohnnyCab.  Where can I...?
The door opened.  You got it.
How did I get in this taxi?!
I'm sorry.  Would you please rephrase the question.
Doug don't!
Then I can pull this trigger and it won't matter.
Nooo!  I would never do anything to hurt you.  I want you to come back to me.
Right.  That's why you tried to kill me.
I love you.
I'm here at Rekall.
I suppose you're not here either.
Yeah.  Some of it was fun.
Doug...You wouldn't shoot me would you?  After all we've been through?
Clever girl.
It's time you found out.
I didn't know you were so kinky.
You sure you don't wanna...?  For old time's sake.  If you don't trust me you can tie me up.
I'm honored.
But Doug...There's something I want you to know.  You're the best assignment I ever hand.  Really.
Beats me.  I just work here.
O.K. then.  If I'm not me then who the hell am I?
The job's real. -- But the Agency set it up.
Our friends my job eight years together I suppose all this was implanted too?
And falling in love?
It was implanted by the Agency.
You think I'm an idiot?  Remember our wedding?
I swear to God!...I never saw you before six weeks ago!  Our marriage is just a memory implant -- agghh!
The hell you're not.
I'm not your wife.
Not talk!  I said TALK!!
You call this a paranoid delusion?!
They did!  But I killed them!
Doug nobody tried to kill you.
Forget Rekall will you!  These men were going to kill me...
Oh God Doug.
--I got a trip to Mars.
What did they do to you?  Tell me!
Let me finish!
You went to those brain butchers?!
I know it sounds crazy but I went to this Rekall place after work and...
Mars?  You've never even been to Mars.
I don't know!  It had something to do with Mars.
Harry from work...He was the boss.
No!  Spies or something.  And Harry from work...Get down!
Muggers?!  Doug are you all right? What happened?
Some men just tried to kill me!
What are you doing?
You are somebody.  You're the man I love.
Lori don't you understand?  I feel I was meant for something more than this.  I want to do something with my life.--I want to be somebody.
Sweetheart...I know it's hard being in a new town but let's at least give it a chance here.  Okay?
Well...What do you say?
There's lots nicer places than Mars.
Doug maybe we should take a trip.
All right forget about it.
And you believe him?
Cohaagen says it's just a few extremists.
Sweetheart we've been through this a million times.  You'd hate it on Mars. It's dry; it's ugly; it's boring!  --I mean really a revolution could break out there any minute.
Just think about it.
Honey do you have to spoil a perfectly wonderful morning.
Move to Mars.
Let's do it.
Yeah sweetheart?
You know I do.
...You mean it?
Aw come on baby...You're the girl of my dreams.
But I'm always home by morning.
It's not funny Doug.  You dream about her every night.
I don't know.
Nobody?!  What's her name?
Who is she?
Lori I don't believe it...You're jealous of a dream!
The brunette.  The one you told me about.
Poor baby.  This is getting to be an obsession.
Is that better?
What's he talking about?
They'll be here any minute!  They'll kill you all!
I don't wanna spoil it for you Doug. Just rest assured by the time the trip is over you get the girl you kill the bad guys and you save the entire planet.  Now you tell me.  Is that worth three hundred measly credits?
Aaah let me tantalize you.  You're a top operative back under deep cover on your most important mission.  People are trying to kill you left and right. You meet a beautiful exotic woman...
Secret agent...How much is that?
You're gonna love this. --We offer you a choice of alternate identities during your trip.
I'm not interested in that.
Whatever you say...Just answer one question.  What is it that is exactly the same about every vacation you've ever taken?
No options.
Smart move.  Now while you fill out the questionnaire I'll familiarize you with some of our options.
You're talking ancient history Doug. Nowadays traveling with Rekall is safer than getting on a rocket.  Look at the statistics.
What about the guy you lobotomized...Did he get a refund?
I'm telling you Doug your brain won't know the difference.  Guaranteed or your money back.
Come on don't bullshit me.
As real as any memory in your head.
How real does it seem?
First of all Doug when you go Rekall you get nothing but first class memories: private cabin on the shuttle; deluxe suite at the Hilton; plus all the major sights:  Mount Pyramid the Grand Canals and of course...  Venusville.
What's in the two week package?
Let's see...the basic Mars package will run you just eight hundred and ninety-nine credits.  That's for two full weeks of memories complete in every detail.  --A longer trip'll run you a little more cause you need a deeper implant.
Okay you're the boss -- Mars it is.
I'm not interested in Saturn.  I said Mars.
To be perfectly honest with you Doug if outer space is your thing I think you'd be much happier  with one of our Saturn cruises.Everybody raves about 'em.
That a problem?
Right.  Mars.
Now help me out here Doug.  You were interested in a memory of...
Good to see ya. Right this way.
Nice to meet you.
Doug...Bob McClane.
Then kiss me quick...before you wake up.
I just has a terrible thought...What is this is all a dream?
What's wrong?
Enough for everybody to breathe?
The whole core of Mars is ice.  The reactor melts it and releases oxygen.
Of course not.  If Mars had an atmosphere he's lose control.
Cohaagen knows it makes air.  But the bastard won't turn it on.
It's just up ahead.
You sure about this?
Aliens built it.
People are dying Quaid!!  Stop!!  We've got to get air!!
The one in the mine!
What reactor?!
The reactor.
Where are you going?!
I'm not sure dear?  What do you think?
Are you all right?  Are you still you?
You two-faced-bastard.
He's lying.
Oh since when?
I don't need Kuato for that.
All sorts of things.  You might even remember you loved me.
Kuato's gonna make you remember a few things you knew when you were Hauser.
What can I do?
I saw them.
The first settlers are buried here. They worked themselves to death but Cohaagen ended up with all the money. He built cheap domes and watched their kids turn into freaks.
I'm not a hooker!  That's my cover.
Not bad for a hooker.
Just wondering.
I used to model for 'em why?
By the way...ever heard of a company names Rekall?
Kuato wants to see you.  Come on!
So you dropped by to apologize?
If Cohaagen wants you dead you might be okay.
I thought you didn't like me.
Melina please...People are trying to kill me.
I said get out!
He said there's enough in here to nail Cohaagen for good.
I'm not falling for it.
Melina Hauser sent me to do something.
I think you better leave.
Inside what?
You never loved me Hauser!  You just used me to get inside.
Don't be ridiculous.
Because you're still working for Cohaagen.
Why would I lie to you?
No. Let's forget everything!  I've had it with you and your goddamn lies.
Forget I said wife.
Oh she isn't really your wife.  How stupid of me...She was Hauser's wife.
She wasn't really my wife.
Wait did you say wife?...Are you fuckin' married!!?
Then he dumped me on Earth with a wife and a lousy job and ...
This is too weird.
I didn't lose it.  Cohaagen stole it. He found out that Hauser switched sides-so he turned him into somebody else.  Me.
Hauser you're lost your mind.
Not any more.
Hauser?  You're Hauser.
Hauser left me a note.
What did you get amnesia?...How'd you get here?
I don't remember you.  I don't remember us.  I don't even remember me.
What are you talking about?
I don't remember you.
There's something I have to tell you...
You couldn't get me a message?  You never wondered what happened to me?
I guess he didn't.
I thought Cohaagen tortured you to death!
I think it's still hungry.
Ooo whatcha been feeding that thing?
I love you.
I love you.
What was I doing on Mars?!  Damn!
We were buddies in the Agency back on Mars.  You asked me to find you if you disappeared.  So here I am good-bye.
...Who are you?
I'm leaving it here.  Come get it and keep moving.
I gave you?
This is the suitcase you gave me.
Come on out!  We're friends!
Hey there - open up!
We could show 'em we're friendly huh?  Walk out there with a white flag!  Here - I got an old sugar sack in my car!
Hey how about that!
We'd be in all the papers!
We'd be the first to make contact with 'em -- see?
Darnedest thing I ever saw - the way that's unscrewing!
It's no meteor that's for sure!
Wait a minute - wait a minute!.... Bombs don't unscrew.
It's an enemy sneak attack.  Let's get outta here!
Yeah.  No sense stayin' out here.
That won't start no more fires.  We might's well go home.
Looks almost cold now don't it?
I'll request the scientists from Pacific-Tech to monitor the drop.  We'll clear the area all around.  After that we'll hit them all over the world. I'll have long-range bombers alerted loaded and standing by.
Then our first target will be the initial landing place outside Los Angeles.
There's only one thing that will stop the Martians!  We've held back pre- viously because of the danger of radiation to civilians.  Now there's no choice.  The United Nations has voted authority to the United States.  The White House will confirm an order to use the Atom bomb.
All right - I've seen enough!
Mister Secretary - if they link up with those others near Fresno...
The same thing that happened on our Pacific Coast.  Anything from them yet?
Madrid has just blacked out!! Nothing more coming through.
That explains why communication is cut the moment their machines begin to move.
But I think I know where she'll be....
You look kinda lost yourself.
There was a girl with them...If I could find her....
Hurry up!  Jump in!
We had a chance...We could have stopped them!  The mob stole the trucks and smashed everything up.  The fools!  They cut their own throats!
There's nobody left around here now.
I'm looking for some Pacific-Tech professors...
Hey you!  Better get outa here!
Don't let's lose each other.
You'll be all right with us....  ...for as long as anybody's got!
I probably wouldn't be able to get to them if I tried...
I wonder if they're going through this too...?
The Rockies...!  You'd rather get back to that big family of yours in Minnesota wouldn't you?
That's the kind of a kid brother you'd have!
How'd you guess?
Yes ...  Fits better in a football helmet.
My kid brother has one.  You know why?
I could wear it longer -- but it's less trouble this way.
Very futuristic.  Yours doesn't really go with that butch haircut!
Yes with these suits.  We've used them before on atomic tests... Odd- looking aren't they?
Is it possible to go in right after the explosion?
It's blocked here too!  They've pushed up earth or something all around outside.  Here this way...!
They've blocked it!
Maybe ...  Maybe they want to take us alive.
They could be as curious about us as we are about them.
Maybe they aren't too sure we're here.
We're right in a nest of 'em! ... I've got to get a look at them.
I couldn't see much in the dark - but it was one!
What was it like?
It was...  ...one of them!
Nothing there now.
Hours.  I've been so scared...!
How long was I out?
But you're not going to.  You're not the kind.  You're tired anyway.  You've been up all night.  You cracked up in a plane.  Slept in a ditch.  But you want to know something?  It doesn't show on you at all.
He liked you ... I could bawl my head off!
I liked him.
I stayed right by the door - praying for the one who loved me best to come and find me.  It was Uncle Matthew who found me.
I feel like I did one time when I was small.  Awful scared and lonesome...I'd wandered off - I've forgotten why - but the family and whole crowds of neighbors were hunting for me.  They found me in a church.  I was afraid to go in any place else.
I've been as close to them as anyone. But not close enough for real observation...
If they're mortal they must have mortal weaknesses.  They'll be stopped -- somehow!
But they seem to murder everything that moves...!
We'll get safely out of here don't worry.
It does...Maybe that's why I feel kind of lost right now.
A big family must be fun...I imagine it makes you feel you belong to something.
I have no close folks.  My parents died when I was a kid.
I come from a big one.  Nine of us. All in Minnesota except me.
No on the campus.  I haven't any family.
Don't you live at home?
I almost forget when I ate last.  It looks so good.... You know mostly I get my meals in coffee shops and restaurants.
Southwest of Corona somewhere. There must have been another cylinder down here.  They've been through this whole area and cleared everybody out.  There's a farmhouse.  Let's see if we can find something to eat...!
Where are we?
It's gone now.
Is that... machine...?
I bought it for the square dance. I thought I ought to wear some- thing Western.
I never noticed before - that's a cowboy tie....
No.  The air's going to be full of Jets in a minute...And there they are!
You'll hit something!  Can't you go higher?
Sure...get in!
Can you handle one of these?
We can't go into town - everybody's getting out of there!  I'll fly you over to Pasadena.
Would you like some coffee General?
Good to see you General.  This is Pastor Collins director of Civil Defense.  Sheriff Bogany head of the local forces ... Miss Van Buren.
You never know where you're going to wind up when you go to a square dance!
I just told them the local situation. Colonel Heffner's in full charge now.
Didn't you have something to do with this?  I know you sent word to the Sixth Army Command!
The troops are certainly moving in here!
Automobile ignitions are insulated.
How does it happen cars are running?
There's only about one explanation for a thing like this..Got a pin?
They've all stopped at the same time.
They're really for long distance. When I want to look at something close...  I take them off.
I might have recognized you without the beard.  And you didn't wear glasses on the 'Time' cover!
I didn't know how to stop you...!
Well you certainly don't look like yourself in that get-up!  But I am happy to meet you anyway. I'm Sylvia Van Buren.  I teach Library Science over at USC.
Like...ah...
What's he like?
I do know him...slightly.
How can you say that when you don't know him!
Aw he isn't that good...!
Forrester's the man behind the new atomic engines.  They had him on the cover of 'Time'.  You've got to rate to get that!
I'm sorry.  I don't smoke.
Why sure -- I got it!  Do you have a match?
Did it do you any good?
Well I did a thesis on modern scien- tists - working for my Masters degree.
You seem to know a lot about him.
He's top man in astro and nuclear physics.  He knows all about meteors!
What's that fellow over there trying to do - dig it out?
It hit sideways and skidded in.
Oh - there were three of us.  The others flew back in my plane.  I don't understand why a meteor this size didn't make a bigger crater.
You must have caught plenty with all that tackle!
Yes...I was fishing up in the hills.
Did you see it come down?
Yes...ugly looking isn't it.
Is that it over there?
We better get word to the authorities and --  Look!
I think that - gizmo - is a machine from another planet.
What is that gizmo?!
It's pointing out to the gully - where that meteor came down.
That needle ain't pointing north!
Have you got a pocket compass?
How could it happen to everybody's watch together?
That's what knocked the phones out too.
All right.  I'll get them!   Go ahead - go ahead!  I'll catch up with you.
No.  I thought you had them.
Gratzman! -- Gratzman!  Did you get those biotics?
If we get what transportation we can and pick up instruments and books from Pacific-Tech...
We know now that we can't beat their machines -- but we can beat them!  They are mortal beings...The only question is whether we have time enough to do anything!
I believe we can get a lead from their anaemic blood.
It might give us time to search out some weakness in the Martians.
A forlorn hope - but there is a chance.
It might give us something.
This Martian blood...  Let's make a quick analysis and see what we've got!
I'd like to borrow your car and take a look at it in the morning.
That's right - came down in kinda spurts didn't it?  You fellers'll have to figure it out.  You're scientists  All I know - they say it's as big as a house and practically red hot.
Are they sure it's a meteor?  It didn't come down like one.
It's about that meteor.  They say it's a whopper.  The District Officer phoned us at the lookout up on the summit. Thought you might be interested... It's ten or twelve miles from here - over by Linda Rosa.
Looks like the fishing was good.
I got a message for you.  You're the guys from Pacific-Tech ain't you?
Couldn't you try to communicate with them first - and shoot later if you have to?
It's always been a good persuader.
Colonel - shooting's no good!
I just came to tell you - everyone has been alerted.
I warned you Civil Defense people to be ready if you have to evacuate.
So is the town I notice!
There's one - there's the other and we're right between them!
They'll probably move at dawn.
Thank you sir.  If they start anything we can blast them right off the earth!
That's because we want a chance to observe them.  This is the only place we've had time to surround them with sufficient force to contain them.  What happens here will be a guide to all other operations. The minute action begins and a pattern of defense develops I'll get my report to Washington.  You've deployed your forces well.
My orders are not to go into action unless they make a move out of there.
From the data - and from that picture the Air Force took earlier tonight ...  ... what we've got in the gully out there is a guide ship.  One lands ... Others follow later.  They appear to clear an area then drop in groups of threes joined magnetically.  Is that possible?
We will sir!
And they'll go out the minute there's another ray.  A cylinder reported down by Huntington Beach.  That's a job for the Navy.
Not all.  Radio is out.  But our field phones are okay so far.
That's their position?  You've certainly got them surrounded.  I suppose they've neutralized all communications here.
I'm here to make up a report not to interfere with the operations you've set up.  You're still in command.  Clayton Forrester!  I haven't seen you since Oak Ridge.
General Mann -- I was told to expect you sir.  I'm Colonel Heffner.
I've done about all I can do here. You go back in.  Sylvia - I like that Doctor Forrester.  He's a good man.
Let's go back inside Uncle Matthew.
If they're more advanced than us they should be nearer the Creator for that reason!
But they're not human!  Dr. Forrester says they're some kind of an advanced civilization --
They are living creatures out there.
There's a square dance at the social hall this evening.
They don't do much of anything...!
Well-l...how do you do Dr. Forrester!
Uncle Matthew...this is Dr. Clayton Forrester.  My uncle - Dr. Matthew Collins pastor of the Community Church.
It was nearer than that.
That probably dropped half way to Pomona!...What do you think?
Well there's some fellows fishing at Pine Summit might be interested.  They probably saw it come down.  I'll let 'em know...What's it look like?
I think somebody ought to check on it. Over.
Okay.  Send the tanker in but you stand by until that thing cools off. Over.
We're getting this under control. Won't need any more help.  Over.
D.O. to number three..come in.
Number three to. D.O....Number three to D.O.
Sure sure!  Everybody understands you wave the white flag you wanna be friends.
They'll understand us all right!
Welcome to California!
What'll we say to 'em?
Everything human don't have to look like you and me....
Maybe these are not men - not like us.
How would I know...!
Who?  Where d'you think they come from!
Must be somebody in there.
We sell the tamales enchiladas - hot dogs!
Better'n a lion farm or a snake pit. We won't have to feed it!
No way that could just be seawater.
You done impressing yourself ace?
Well you know Lindsey too damn aggressive-- Son of a--!!
She went front-office on you.  Tighten that for me right there.  That's it.
It was alright for a while you know.  But then she got promoted to project engineer on this thing couple years ago.
Okay good reason.  Then what?
We were due to go back out on the same ship. Six months of tests.  If you were married you got a state-room.  Otherwise it was bunks.
Doesn't mean you had to marry her.
There we were side by side on the same ship for two months.  I'm tool-pusher and we're testing this automated derrick of hers.  So we get back on the beach and... we're living together.
Gimme a three-eighths socket on a long extension.  So there you were--
Where're you?
Right through the brainpan.  Deader'n dogshit boss.
Piece of cake baby.
This ain't no drill slick.  Make me proud.
I told him we had to get the umbilical unhooked ASAP.
Goddamnit!  D'you tell him we need it right now?
What is that?  You drop your dive light?
Nice shot Lins.
Forget it Sonny.  They're gone.
Benthic Explorer Benthic Explorer.  Do you read over?  This is Deepcore--
Yeah yeah... yeah.  It's turning.
You got it?!  You got it?
I'm alright I'm dealing.
How you guys doing?
We're being asked to cooperate in a matter of national security.  Now you know exactly as much as I do.  So just get your gear off and get up to control.  There's some kind of briefing in ten minutes.
Figured I was dead there when I seen that angel comin' toward me.
Thanks.  How you feeling big guy?
Yeah okay.  Okay.
Okay Jammer.  No problem.  You stay right here. I have to go there to the end... you'll see my lights.  We'll stay in voice contact.  Just hold onto the rope.  Five more minutes.  Okay?
No!  I'm okay now.  I just don't... I can't go any further in.
I'm taking you back out.
I... they're all dead Bud.  They're all dead. I thought... some of them... you know...
Deep and slow big guy.  Deep and slow.  Just breathe easy.
Hey you okay?
Lord Almighty.
Missile compartment.  Those are the launch tubes.
Where are we?
How deep's the drop-off here?
Okay so far.
Folks I've just been told to shut down the hole and prepare to move the rig.
What's goin' on Boss?
Kirkhill?  That guy doesn't know his butt from a rathole.  Hey Perry!
Bud!  Hippy's on the bitch-box.  It's a call from topside.  That new company man.
Hello Mrs. Brigman.
Hello Brigman.
No Bud no... not you.
I've been better.  Next time it's your turn okay?
'Course is worked.  You're never wrong are you? How d'you feel.
Hi tough guy.  I guess it worked huh?
Hey... big boys don't cry remember?
Tell me later.
Oh God Lins... I--
It's the only way Bud.  Now trust me.
It is insane.
WHAT KIND OF PLAN IS THAT!??
I drown you tow me back to the rig--
What's the plan?
Listen... will you listen to me for a second!? You're for the suit on and you're a better swimmer than me.  Right?  So I got a plan...
FUCK LOGIC!!
NO!!  Now be logical Bud you're--
Lindsey just put the thing on and shut up--
No way!  Forget it.  Not an option.
Don't argue goddamnit just--
What you growing gills all of a sudden?  You got it on keep it on.
Alright put this on.
Seven eight minute swim each way... not enough time.  Look at this...  Time I get back you'll be--
Okay look you swim to the rig and come back with another suit.
Aaargh!!  I'm freezing!
I know!  I know!  But we better come up with something.
We've only got one suit.
I don't know how!
Okay... okay.  We gotta get you out of here.
Calm down Bud.
Son of a bitch!
I don't know look around.
Can't get to it.  Have to pull this panel off. You go any tools?
Somewhere behind this panel.  Hold this.
You see where it's coming in?
Yeah but it's gonna take them a while to find us.  We better get this flooding stopped.
They'll come out after us.
Good hundred yards I'd say.
Wonderful.  There's some light from somewhere...
Well that's that.
Deepcore this is Cab One.  We need assistance over.  Deepcore this--
You noticed.
It's flooding like a son of the bitch.
Yeah.  So sue me.
You totaled it huh?
Not in this thing.
Not good enough.  We still gotta catch Big Geek.
You did okay back there.  I was fairly impressed.
Can we negotiate later?  There's Big Geek.
You owe me one Virgil.
Then I guess you better wish me luck huh?
Bud that water's only a couple degrees above freezing.
Okay I'm gonna free-swim to hatch six... get inside get the door open from the other side.
He's jammed the mechanism.
Maybe their whole technology is based on that. Controlling water.
They must've learned how to control water... I mean at a molecular level.  They can plasticize it polymerize it... whatever.  Put it under intelligent control.
It's trying to communicate.
I think it likes you.
Look the guy's operating on his own cut off from chain of command.  He's exhibiting symptoms of pressure-induced psychosis.  And he's got a nuclear weapon.  So as a personal favor to me... will you put your tongue in neutral for a while?
He's got the shakes?
Chill out Lindsey!!
You dumb jarhead motherf--
Lindsey!  Wait a second--
Look goddamnit if you won't do something about it I will.
We all see what we want to see... Coffey looks and he sees Russians he sees hate and fear. Bud you have to look with better eyes than that.
How can I go on a feeling?  You think Coffey's going to go on you 'feeling'?
It was a machine but it seems almost alive. Like a... dance of light.  Bud you have to trust me... please.  I don't think they mean us harm.  I don't know how I know that it's just a feeling.
Bud this is me Lindsey.  Okay?  You know me better than anybody in the world.  Now watch my lips... I saw these things.  I touched one of them.  And it wasn't some clunky steel can like we would build... it glided.  It was the most beautiful thing I've ever seen.
I need you to believe me Bud.  Look at me.  Do I seem stressed out?  Any of the symptoms of pressure sickness any tremors slurred speech?
God you are the most stubborn woman I ever knew.
I saw something!  I'm not going to go back there and say I didn't see it when I did.  I'm sorry.
All I'm saying is when you're hanging on by your fingernails you don't go waving you arms around.
Who's hysterical?  Nobody's hysterical!
Look.  I'm just trying to hold this situation together.  I can't allow you to cause this kind of hysteria--
Bud something really important is happening here.
Jesus Lindsey--
I'm telling you what is there.  You're just not hearing.  The impulses somehow aren't getting from you ears to your brainpan.  There's something down there.  Something not... us.
If you say so.  It could be anything.
Come on you guys... look this is the little one right here.  You can see how it's kind of zigging around.
Yeah?  Well I'm not.
Hey Lins...  I'm glad your here.
I can extend that.  There's some storage tanks outboard on the wrecked module.  I'll have to go outside to tie onto them.
The storm's gonna last longer than 12 hours.
Brace yourself.  We've got about 12 hours worth if we close off the sections we're not using.
What about O-2?
Thanks.  No I can handle it.  Bud... there won't be enough to run the heaters.  In a couple hours this place is going to be as cold as a meat locker.
Need some help?
I can get power to this module and sub-bay if I remote these busses.  I've gotta get past the mains which are a total melt-down.
What's the scoop ace?
Cute Virgil.
Hippy just relax.  You're making the women nervous.
I don't know.  I DON'T KNOW!
What do you think he saw?
But what did he see that made him panic?
His mixture got screwed up.  He panicked and pranged his regulator.
Jammer saw something in there something that scared the hell out him--
Whose then?  Lindsey?  Talk to me...
But you think it's something else.  What?  One of ours?
I don't know what I saw.  Okay?  Coffey wants to call it a Russian submersible fine.  It's a Russian submersible.  No problem.
Fine.  Be that way.
No.  Look forget it.  I don't want to talk about it.
Did you get anything on the cameras.  Video or anything?
You're right Bud.  It was just that simple. Aren't you clever?  You should get your own show... Ask Dr. Bud advice to the lovelorn from three hundred fathoms.
I'll tell you what happened... you woke up one day and realized the guy never made you laugh.
Bud why are you doing this?  It's not part of you life any more.
What happened?
No I haven't seen him in a few weeks.
Do you always have to call him that?  The Suit? It makes you sound like such a hick.  His name is Michael.
Yeah what's-his-name wouldn't like it.  The Suit.
I haven't worn mine in months.
I don't know.  Divorce ain't final.  Forgot to take it off.
What are you still wearing that for?
Oh yeah right... and you only had three years with me.
I was worried about the rig.  I've got over four years invested in this project.
No I think you were.  Come on admit it.
That must be it.
I think you were worried about me.
Not particularly.  Jeez look where this is set! Morons.
You wanna know what I think?
Wow you're right!  Us poor dumb ol' boys might've had to think for ourselves.  Coulda been a disaster.
You need me.  Nobody knows the systems on this rig better than I do.  What is something was to go wrong after the Explorer clears off?  What would have you done?
Look I didn't come down here to fight.
I can't believe you were dumb enough to come down.  Now you're stuck here for the storm... dumb hot-rod... dumb.
Not even when it meant something.  Is that One Night up in Flatbed?
You never did like being called that did you?
Not for long.
Well well.  Mrs. Brigman.
Virgil you wiener!  You never could stand up to fight.  You--
I'm switching off now.
You wimp.  I had a lot riding on this.  They bought you... more like least rented you cheap--
Yup a Benthic Petroleum paid for it.  So as long as they're hold the pink slip I go where they tell me.
My rig.  I designed the damn thing.
We were that close to proving a submersible drilling platform could work.  We had over seven thousand feet of hole down for Chrissake.  I can't believe you let them grab my rig!
Wasn't up to me.
I was but I managed to bum a ride on the last flight out here.  Only here isn't where I left it is it Bud?
Hi Lins.  I thought you were in Houston.
I can't believe you let them do this!
Did you find Wilhite?
Monk Schoenick... secure the package.
Coffey we're a little pressed for time.
Let's go guys.
We'll go in through that large breach.
I'm not interested in your way of doing things. Just get your team ready to dive.
Hey you come on my rig you don't talk to me you start ordering my guys around.  It won't work.  You gotta know how to handle these people... we have a certain way of doing things here.
I can't afford slack Brigman.
Look it's three AM.  These guys are running on bad coffee and four hours sleep.  You better start cutting them some slack.
Okay... Hippy's not going... McWhirter you can run Little Geek.
We'll take reading as we go.  If the reactor's breached or the warheads have released radioactive debris we'll back away.  Simple.
All right.  Do it!
Yeah!  I mean I don't know... it looks right.
Is that it?  Is this right?
Meet me in the moonpool.  Move fast.
Got it. Over.
Go to the infirmary... get the cart .. oxygen... de-fib kit... adrenaline in a... ten cc syringe... and some... heating blankets. You got all that?
Yeah.  The dude's in bad shape... you see his hands?
Lins stay away from that guy.  I mean it.
It's gotta be like an emergency plan to keep it away from the Russians... Hotwire one of the nukes with some kinda detonator put it back in the sub and fry the whole thing slicker'n snot. Oh uh... hi Lins.
Why bring it here?
Come on man.  What else could it be?
Yeah for now.  Our first priority's to get something to breathe.
Do we just leave him there?
That's it then.  Finler McWhirter Dietz and Perry.  Jesus.
That's Perry.
Everything is.
Hippy you think everything's a conspiracy.
No I mean it.  Those SEALs aren't telling us diddly.  Something's going on.
Now we're right in the middle of this big-time international incident.  Like the Cuban Missile Crisis or something.
What's the matter with you?
Check.  Then I just hang with these guys right?
Just get around so your lights are on the hatch.
Yeah well you never should have married her then.
God I hate that bitch.
I can't... make it... podner.
Hafta... go on to... the moonpool.  Only way.
Take the first watch in sonar.  Hippy you handle the exterior surveillance.  One Night see if you can get that transmitter working for me okay?
It's his mixture!  Too much oxygen!
He's convulsing!
We're here now.  Let's get her done.
Triple time sounds like a lotta money Bud.  It ain't.  I'm sorry...
That's cause we love freezin' our butts off out here sooo much boss.
Hey you guys are milking that job.
Out blood oughta be fizzin' like a warm shook- up Coke.
We should be dead.  We didn't decompress.
Happy as hogs in a waller down there prob'ly.
I think they're from 'you know'.  Some place that has similar conditions... cold intense pressure.  No light.
Not us.  Not human.  Get it?  Something non- human but intelligent...
Y'all could be more specific.
Missed what?
You better not say you missed that.
You watch yourself.
Cat you tie onto this manifold.  There's some tanks on the other side; I'm gonna go check them out.
Okay here we go.  Start equalizing y'all.
Couldn't stay away.  You running mixture for us? Good.  Couldn't ask for better.
Howdy y'all.  Hey Lindsey!  I'll be damned! You shouldn't be down here sweet thing ya'll might run ya stockings.
Give me that!!
Just checking is out huh?  How come?
That thing was probably their version of Big Geek... like an ROV.
Right on!  Hot rods of the Gods.  Right Lins? Hey no really!  It could be NTIs.  The CIA has known about them for years.  They abduct people all the time.  There was this woman I knew in Albuquerque who--
Are we talkin' little space friend here?
Turn it up bozo.
Quiet!  Quiet!
What good's the money if your dick drops off in six months?
Hippy you pussy.
Now we get to hear about how he used to be a contender.
Those guys ain't so tough.  I fought plenty of guys tougher'n them.
Mrs. Brigman you're becoming a serious impediment to this mission.  I believe the stress is affecting you.  Escort her to quarters and have Monk prepare a tranquilizer.
You're right... I don't.  I just need to know that this thing is out of here!  You hear me Roger Ramjet?
You don't need to know the details of this mission... you're better off if you don't.
You've got some huevos bringing this... thing... into my rig!  With everything that's been going on up in the world you bring a nuclear weapon in here?  Does this strike anyone as particularly psychotic or is it just me?
Gimme a break!  Coffey these things live three and a half miles down on the bottom of an abyssal trench!  Trust me... they're not speaking Russian.
I want 'round-the-clock manning of the sonar shack and the exterior cameras.  We need early warning if the Soviet craft try another incursion.
That's 192 warheads... And how powerful are they?
24 Trident missiles.  Eight MIRVs per missile.
How many are there?
Radiation is nominal.  The warheads must still be intact.
Roger document as much as you can but keep moving.  We're on a tight timeline.
Copy that continuing forward.  You just want me to get shots of everything right?
Wilhite anything?
Neutron counter's not showing very much.
Cab One radiation readings?
The magnetometer is pegged.  Side-scan is showing a big return but I don't see anything yet.  Are you sure you got the depth right on this?
Cab One do you see it yet?
Oh... chamber runs.  Uh huh that's good.  Well hey... you guys know any songs?
Look we've all made chamber runs to this depth. We're checked out.
Don't call me that okay... I hate that.  Alright from now on we watch each other closely for signs of HPNS...
We've been fully briefed Mrs. Brigman.
Get comfortable.  The bad news is we got six hours in this can blowing down.  The worse news is it's gonna take us three weeks to decompress back to the surface later.
Just hold your water okay?  So Kirkhill we gonna do this or we gonna talk about it?
Lady we better fish or cut bait.
What kind of luminous things Bud?
Shut up Hippy.  Bud how you doing?
12000 feet.  Jesus I don't believe he's doing this.
He couldn't be that dumb.  The guy's a trained killer.  Bud's idea of a fight is arm-wrestling One Night over laundry duty.
He can't get to the door... I think he's going to try and take him himself.
That guy's crazier'n a shithouse rat!
Schoenick... your Lieutenant is about to make a real bad career move...
I gotta tell you that guy scares me a lot more than whatever's down there.  A.J. Squared Away goddamn jarhead robot.  Okay gimme a couple hours on this.
No.  Just you and me.  We get some proof then tell them.  Hippy look... if was can prove to Coffey it's not Russians maybe he'll ease off the button a little.
Let's go for it.  We could get lucky.
Well yeah but the tether off it ain't gonna be fancy.  When he gets down there he'll just sit like a dumb-shit.  Unless something wanders through view of the camera you'll get nada.
Look you can just punch into his little chip where you want him to go and he goes right?
Non-Terrestrial Intelligence.  NTIs.  Yeah I like that better then UFOs.  Although that works too... Underwater Flying Objects.
A non-terrestrial intelligence.
We got Russian subs creeping around.  Shit! Something goes wrong they could say anything happened down here man.  Give our folks medals know what I mean?
Figured that out for yourself did you?
Going over the wall.  Coming to bearing 065. Everybody stay tight and in sight.
1840... 50... 60... 70...
What's you depth Cab Three?
Cab Three check.  Right behind you.
Gotcha Cab Three.  Who is that?  That You Lindsey?
Deepcore Deepcore... this is Cab Three on final approach.
What's the timer set for?
You boss is having a full-on meltdown.  Guy's fixing to pull the pin on fifty kilotons and we're all ringside!
It's twitching but it's below the line you said was safe.
Getting a reading?
Perry stand by on the ROV.  Sorry about this little buddy.  Better you than me know what I mean?
Stand by on the ROV.
Check this out.
Deep.  It's classified... you know.  Anyway you breathe liquid so you can't be compressed. Pressure doesn't get to you.
Fluid breathing system.  We just got them.  We use it if we need to go really deep.
Through three miles of water?   I don't know.
Would we see the flash?
He's hallucinating badly.
What kind of light?
I know how alone you feel... alone in all that cold blackness... but I'm there in the dark with you Bud you're not alone...
He can still make it.
Bud it's the pressure.  Try to concentrate. Concentrate on my voice.  Just listen to my voice.
He's losing it.  Talk to him.  Keep him with us.
Ensign Monk want to know how you feel.
Ask him a pressure effects.  Tremors vision problems euphoria.
8500 feet Bud.  Everything okay?
Bud according to Monk here you just set a record for the deepest suit dive.  Bet you didn't think you'd be doing this when you got up this morning.
4800 feet.  It's official.
Very good.  About one person in twenty just can't handle it.  They go buggo.  They're no way to predict who's susceptible so stay alert.
High-Pressure Nervous Syndrome.  Muscle tremors usually in the hands first.  Nausea increased excitability disorientation.
No.  Just some horrible dreams about smothering.  Where are we?
Do you remember the pyramid?
... I don't know...
Dell what's the last thing you can remember?
Not exactly just feel like somebody's been beating me with rubber hoses for about six years.
Are you in pain?
Not sitting on our butts in here that's for sure.
There could be a whole city out there and we'd never see it.
Or something will be able to see us.
Good!  Maybe we'll be able to see something then.
Nine hundred meters and dropping. 800.  700.  Hang on gentlemen.
Engines off.
Kill drive engines.
Hell no!  We don't know what's down there on that piece of rock!  It might be dangerous!  What we should do is get on the radio to the exploration authorities... and let them deal with it.
Hell we're equipped --
If there is some kind of alien intelligence down on that planetoid it'd be a serious mistake for us to blunder in unequipped.
I'm not kidding.  You can get one if you have the credit.  Look just like real cows too.
Cattle ranch!
I'm going to buy a cattle ranch.
Yeah it's you all right.
I feel like shit...
Is that you Roby?
Oh... God... am I cold...
<u>OH GOD IT HURTS SO BAD</u>!
Breathe deeply.
I don't know... I'm getting these <u>CRAMPS</u>!
What's wrong?
I think that's a pretty reasonable request.
I'm really starving; can we get some food before we go into the freezers?
God I'm hungry.
Hell you're in great shape you've got your sense of humor back!
Don't remember nothing.  Can't hardly remember my name.
Don't you remember?
Wretched.  What happened to me?
How do you feel Dell?
Yeah but this is hard work.  Can't talk now.
What was that Dell I lost you do you read me?
Yeah I'm okay.  Haven't hit bottom yet.  Definitely a column of warm air rising; it keeps the shaft clear of dust.
Are you okay in there?
Okay I'm in the mouth of the chimney now and I'm starting down.
No I want to go in.
Dell you want to come down we can figure out where to go from here.
Can you see anything in the hole?
No it's too small only room enough for one person.
Can we come up?
You want to try?
Maybe we can get in by the top.
What is it I can't --
I was scanning the horizon to see what I could pick up.  Look there on that screen.
Take a look.
What is it?
I'm on my way.
Well the sun just came up again and it seems the wind's died down. It's as clear as a bell outside. There's something I think you ought to see.
Chaz this is Dell.  Can you come topside for a minute?
This is Chaz.
But functioning.
Just machinery.
No you'll follow me.
I'll go first.
Martin we're going in.  I'm going to hold the conversation to a minimum from here on.
Looks like a derelict.
Appears to be a door hanging open the entrance is clogged with debris.
I'm sending.  Do you hear me?
Martin would you run me an atmospheric?
Close enough to walk to!
Drop begins... now!  Fifteen kilometers and dropping... twelve... ten... eight and slowing.  Five. Three.  Two.  One kilometer and slowing.  Lock tractor beams.
Then take her down.
It's... basalt.  Rock.
Is it solid?
Well line of sight is impossible due to dust.  Radar gives me noise. Sonar gives me noise.  Infrared -- noise.  Let's try ultraviolet.  There. Flat.  It's totally flat.  A plain.
What's the terrain down there?
Approaching point of origin.  Closing at 20 kilometers 15 and slowing. Ten.  Five.  Gentlemen we are directly above the source of the transmission.
Activated.  Vertical drop checked. Correcting course.  On tangential course now orbiting.  Crossing the terminator.  Entering night side.
Activate lifter quads.
I'll see what I can do.
Dell I want greater magnification. More surface detail.  I want to see what this place looks like.
There are no commercial lanes out here.  Face it we're out of range.
Except it will take 75 years to get a reply back.  Don't forget how far we are from the Colonies Martin.
Point eight six.  We can walk on it.
Yeah.  Two hours.
Any rotation?
That's what I'm going to do.
Can you get it a little closer?
Just short of Zeta II Reticuli.  We haven't even reached the outer rim yet.
Where the hell are we?
I got it.  Oh boy.
Dell plot our location.
I don't recognize that constellation.
Sandy scan the whole sky.
Where's Irth?
Yes.  There are two points of salient interest.  Number one: it is highly systematized indicating intelligent origin.  Number two: certain sounds are inconsistent with the human palate.
Just <u>hold it</u> <u>hold it</u>!  Computer: have you attempted to analyze the transmission?
Computer what language was that?
Play it for us please.
I have recorded the transmission.
A voice transmission.
A transmission?
I have intercepted a transmission of unknown origin.
Computer this is Captain Standard. What conditions are you talking about?
The reaction has proceeded too far. The core has begun to melt.  Engines will overload in 2 minutes 35 seconds.
Computer!  I've turned all the cooling units back on!  What's wrong?
Hold it I can't hear a damn thing!
I have a temporary sequence on the monitor --
It is none of the 678 dialects spoken by technological man.
Unknown!  What do you mean?
I am programmed to do so if certain conditions arise.
What?  <u>Why</u>?
I have interrupted the course of the voyage.
It's still in the ship?
It's monstrous -- it grew like some horrible tapeworm.  We were completely unprepared.
What happened?  Where's Sandy?
All over the ship; we'll have to check the charts to know for sure.
Where does that go?
Bulbs burned out nobody bothered to replace 'em.
What happened to the lights?
Machine's screwed up I can't tell. Needle's spinning all over the dial.
Where's it coming from?
We have to avoid injuring it.  What we really need is some electric animal prods.
We could cut a section out of that metallite netting.  It won't hold up to that acid but aside from that it's pretty strong.
But we can't kill it.  If we kill it it will spill all its body acids right through our hull and out into space.
I didn't say it was bad for you it's just kind of sickening that's all.
Yes I know what they make it out of so what?  It's food now.  <u>You're</u> eating it.
You know what they make this stuff out of?
It grows on you.
You like this shit?
What do you mean?
The computer's translated the alien signal and it's kind of alarming.
Why what's wrong?
Jay we've got a problem.  I was wondering if there was any way you could shortcut the repairs and give us immediate takeoff capability.
Yes?  What is it?
Yeah okay.  Go ahead.
Sorry to interrupt but I'm gonna charge up the engines for a minute okay?
Not <u>they</u>... <u>he</u>...
<u>He</u> died.
How's it coming on the engines?
Hello Faust!
Right.  Talk to you.
Well get started.
Hard to say.
How long to fix?
Has the hull been breached?
Just a minute hold it I'm checking.
Well uh... good luck.  I hope you won't need me but if you do I'm here.
-- And the cooling unit on the other.
That one section of the ventilator shaft has only two outlets -- you notice?  The food storage room on one end --
The water will still recycle.
And then we run out of food and oxygen.
What was that?  What the Christ was that?
Oh no.  Oh no.
Well we should at least be able to each buy our own planet.
Boy do I feel a lot better.  It's a straight shot back to the Colonies and then we can start taking bids on the paydirt.  Any bets on the top bid?
Is it alive?
Oh -- God -- oh --
Don't know -- maybe we'll be real lucky and he just broke his neck.  I knew we shouldn't of come down here.
Hurt!  How?
Don't know -- Broussard got hurt somehow.
What the hell's going on?
And be right back.
All right... but do <u>not</u> go below decks.
You just sealed it off; it can't get to that section.
No I don't want us separated.
There's some more combustible fuel down in the storage lockers next to the lounge.  I'll go get it.
Meet us on the bridge.  Be careful -- it's <u>huge</u> now.
Hey are you guys still there? What's going on?
Poison gas...
So it's trapped in between -- now we have to drive it out.
Well we better do something.
It looks completely different from the first one -- it's more like a worm with legs... and tentacles.
All right -- Roby and Melkonis will go with Faust.  Hunter and I will make up the second team.
It's clear.
I hope not.
Might even incinerate the damn thing.
No we can't afford to lose that much oxygen.  We're going to have to flush it out.
We could put on our pressure suits and blow all the air out of the ship.  That would kill it.
So does anybody have any suggestions?
I kind of like it.
Oh it's okay.  I've had better cag than this but I've had worse too if you know what I mean.
Just hold us together till we're in space that's all!
This dust is getting clogged in the intakes again!
The engines are fixed.
Hey guess what?
Here let me try.
It's really on there tight.
Then why the hell are you sitting around here?
Oh -- I'm not near ready yet.
And when will you be ready to do that?
Well... I'm going to have to blow the engines out...
Jay... how's it coming on the repairs?
Damn it!  How long to fix?
Martin this is Jay.  The intakes are clogged with dust.  We overheated and burned out a whole cell.
We'd be sitting ducks in the freezers.
We can't go into hypersleep with that thing running around loose.
You can't tell -- that kind of stuff could represent printed circuits...
It's a crude symbolic language -- looks primitive.
Isn't there some way we can get it off him?
It makes me sick to see him like that.
Hell of a defense mechanism.  You don't dare kill it.
But this thing uses it for <u>blood</u>.
I never saw anything like that in my life... except molecular acid.
It's eating a hole in the floor!
God that smoke's poisonous!
How about cutting it off?  We can't pull it loose but we can cut off everything but the bottom layer where it's stuck to his face.
We don't know what might happen if we tried to kill it.  At least right now it's keeping him alive.
Well can't we kill it?  I mean we can't leave the damn thing on him.
We can't expect to understand a life form like this.  We're out of our back yard.  Things are different here.
Yeah but how?  His nose and mouth are blocked.
Blood's thoroughly oxygenated.
How does he breathe?
<u>He's</u> the only one that knows that.
Where did it come from?
Yeah... well maybe he should have.  I mean you brought the goddamn thing in here.  Maybe <u>you</u> deserve to get slapped.
He wouldn't open the lock; he was going to leave us out there.
I can't the acid will pour out!
The flamethrower!
Let me go first; you stay behind me.
It must have stopped moving.  I'm not getting anything.
Whoever's doing the herding is gonna have their hands pretty full.  I think somebody should stay by the lifeboat to slam the door on the thing once it's inside and to serve as... as... 
Well... now we have to herd that thing up here.
What we really need is some red meat in here for bait.
It will be.
No... the risk is too great.  Perhaps after we've destroyed the thing.
Should we go outside and bring him in?
The ship's gravitational attraction must have drawn him back.
Right.  We've got a lot to accomplish.  Let's get moving.
The flamethrower needs more fuel.
You can't say that; I think it's a good plan.
We can load the lifeboat up with explosives and trigger them remotely once the lifeboat is in space.
Good!  That's good!
If we could just get the <u>creature</u> into the lifeboat we could launch it into space and blow it up.
It's time for drastic remedies.
<u>How</u>?
I don't buy that.  There's still time to destroy it and get ourselves in the freezers.
Oh no!  We can't fight this thing! There's only six hours of air left -- we're dead men!
Does anybody know what happened?
We've got six hours left.
Thing is I'm about out of fuel.
That's right -- we can't kill it on the ship but we can at least keep it at bay -- and maybe drive it into the air lock.
Listen it sure didn't like this flamethrower.
At least it can't get up here now.
We'd better seal off the lower maintenance level; at least trap it there. 
Got a better idea?
Sounds like a rough one.
While the rest of us wait down in the cooling unit with the net.
The only other thing I can think of is for somebody to crawl in there and flush it out.
We can't pump poison gas down into the cooling unit!  It'll flood the whole ship!
Don't be an idiot.
Maybe we don't have to.  It's trapped in there.  We could just leave it in there all the way back to Irth.
How do we locate the creature?
Don't worry it won't damage it it'll just give it a little incentive.
Good.  Get on it.  But first I'm issuing a standing order: from this moment forth every one of us will wear protective garments including helmets.  Let's get down to the locker and change.
I think I could cobble something together.  A long metal rod with a battery in it.  Give it a hell of a shock.
The machine will bring his temperature down.  His vital functions are strong.
Can you do anything for him?
Still unconscious?
He's running a fever.
How's Broussard?
Maybe we can catch it.
Well what the hell good can we do in here?  We can't grab it -- it might jump on us --
No don't open the door.  We don't want it escaping.
The door was closed.  It must still be in here.
Now we're in for it.
Maybe it wasn't always dead.
How could anything be indigenous to this asteroid?  It's dead.
Well those things out there aren't the same you know -- the spaceship and the pyramid.  They're from different cultures and different races.  That ship just landed here -- crashed like we did.  The pyramid and the thing from it are indigenous.
What do you mean?
You know it's fantastic -- the human race has gone this long without ever encountering another advanced life form and now we run into a veritable zoo.
I'll come with you.
I'll do it.  The rest of you continue.
Careful don't get under it!
There.  Should be coming through about there.
Hey now what is this?
It wouldn't come.
That thing God almighty didn't you try to get it off him?
Well how does it feel to be rich men?
Boy that's terrific.
It's over Hunter.
Thanks for the thought. 
If you press the button right now it will blow the whole nose of the ship off.
Is it armed?
Just keep your finger off the button till she's way away from the ship that's all.
Hey look somebody has to have his hands free to lock the creature in the lifeboat!
I should hope so!  And we'd better make sure it's pretty far from the ship when we blow it.
This should do it.
It's not going to work.
We can use the flamethrower.
I think it's going to be almost impossible to drive it up into the lifeboat.
Our lives are more important. Anyway we can take a small amount of the most valuable stuff with us on the lifeboat.
What about all the minerals and elements in the cargo hold?  That's the only reason we came out here. We'd have to abandon them all.  We'd be broke.
And the creature with it.  We can make it back to Irth in the lifeboat.
Blow the ship up?
I've got an idea but you're not going to like it.
We can't kill it on board.  It's huge now and must have tremendous amounts of that acid in its body.
You will notice though that there are no more phases.  Only four forms are shown.  After that the pattern repeats.
... And Broussard got caught in their reproductive cycle.
And right next to it that oval design with the markings -- it's a dead ringer for the spore casings.
Well... I suppose that star-shaped thing could be the parasite that got on Broussard.  Is that what you mean?
In symbolic form... very stylized... but if you stare at it you can see some of the different creatures we've been dealing with.
Recognizable!  In that?
We sure need this flamethrower.
Don't count on it.
It was horrible -- horrible.  Like a chicken.
You mean his body was still kicking when it ran off with him?
Listen hadn't somebody better check on Broussard?
What common objects?
The same thing must've happened to the creatures on the other ship... except they took one of those jars on board and opened it there.
That must have been when he got it.
Hey!  what about the film?
This is horrible.
I think it's fizzled out.
What's happening up here?
It doesn't make any sense.  It paralyzes him... puts him into a coma... then keeps him alive.
I think that's how it's getting oxygen to him.
Oh... God...
It's some kind of organ -- it's inserted some kind of tube or something down his throat.
What is it -- I can't tell anything --
Look at that.
I guess I had it coming.  Let's call it settled.
I keep my mouth pretty much shut but I don't like hitting.
Jay this is Cleave!  Meet me at the main air lock!
Three blips!  They're coming this way!
I've got 'em!  They're back on my screens!
Just can that crap!  I'm in command here till Chaz returns!  And nobody's leaving this ship!
Why you chickenshit bastard --
We can't spare the personnel.  We've got minimum takeoff capability right now.  That's why Chaz left us on board.
But they don't know about the translation!  They could be in danger right now.
We're not going anywhere.
What do you mean no?
I'm getting nowhere.  The whole area around the pyramid is dead to transmission.  I think we should go after them.
The computer just translated the goddamn message.  It's not an S.O.S. It was a warning.
What?  What was that?
I'm trying.
Can you get them back?
I've completely lost their signal.
Now what's wrong?
And you and I will bag it and then we'll take it to the ventral air lock got it?
All right then -- when it gets to the other side of the door you sing out then drop the door.  Okay?
They're getting pretty close now.
Let's get moving with this net.
They're on the next level up.
Are they close?
I've got Hunter... and something else as well in front of him.
Come on -- let's go above and see how they're coming with the gear.
We're the new pioneers Chaz.  We even have our own special diseases.
I can see you're putting your spare time to good use.  Let me tell you something: you keep staring at hyperspace for long enough they'll be peeling you off a wall.  I've seen it happen.
Time and space have no meaning out here.  We're living in Einsteinian equation.
We came out there we'll go back.  A long time by the clock but a short time to us.
We can't even radio for help; the carrier wave wouldn't reach its destination till long after we'd died and turned to dust.  We are utterly absolutely alone.  Can anybody really visualize such a scale of distances?  Halfway across Creation...
That's the one about the albatross right?
I thought I'd find you here.
We'll have to trap it somehow.  If we had a really strong piece of net we could bag it.
And what do we do when we find it?
Room by room corridor by corridor.
We've got about a week left right?
Well I kind of hate to point it out but all our supplies are based on us spending a strictly limited amount of time out of suspended animation... and as you know we used up most of that time in harvesting.
We'll have to catch it and eject it from the ship.
Maybe we could write it together.
The commander normally has first publication rights.
We're going into the freezers now.
We're going home.  We're in hyperspace.
They're from a dead civilization; they're spores from a tomb.  God knows how long they've been here.
Too primitive.  It's a pre- technological construction.  That slab was engineered by an Iron-Age culture at best.
Primitive pictorial languages are based on common objects in the environment and this can be used as a starting point for translation...
That sounds a little fanciful...
It appears to have healed itself.
Is it still dripping?
No thank God... just missed him.
Reminded me of when I was a kid and the roof leaked -- everybody running for the pots and pans.
We're just plain lucky.  That could have gone right through the hull -- taken <u>weeks</u> to patch it.
Yes thank heaven.
It's stopped?
Let's let the machine work on him.
It's not coming off -- not without his whole face coming off too.
How the hell should I know?  Come on give me a hand let's get him out of there!
What is it?
It won't come -- it's stuck.
Help me -- I'm going to try to get it off.
Oh God oh God no.
<u>Don't touch him watch it</u>!
<u>What is it</u>?
Can you see anything?
No it's coming.
Is it still coming up or is it hooked on something?
There it caught!
Maybe we should just wait a few more minutes.
But what can we do?  He's out of radio contact.
It'll yank him right off his feet if he's not expecting it.  The line could get tangled in something.
Here's his line.  We can haul him out of there if we have to.
Sun will be down in a minute.
If we don't hear from him soon I think we better go in after him.
I couldn't make it out -- too much interference.
What'd he say?
Can't tell -- these weather conditions could erode anything fast.
This looks ancient.
That creature sure must have considered it important... using his last strength to draw it...
Doesn't seem much doubt about it does there?
We should be almost on top of it.  I just can't quite...
It's close real close.
My signal's fading.
What's wrong?
All right.  Now just remember: keep away from those weapons unless I say otherwise.  Martin do you read me?
Sorry.  Nothing but that same damn transmission every 32 seconds.  I've tried every frequency on the spectrum.
Just settle down.  Sandy you get any response yet?
Well... this rock rotates every two hours.  The sun should be coming up in about 20 minutes.
Well we can't go anywhere in this darkness.  How long till dawn?
Dell -- show me that on a screen.
I've got it.  It's coming from ascension 6 minutes 32 seconds declination -39 degrees 2 seconds.
Computer what's the frequency of the transmission?
What's the frequency?
Sandy can you home in on that beam?
First contact...
Feast your eyes.
Sandy you want to give us some vision?
Tastes like something you'd feed a chicken to make it lay more eggs.
What's the matter you don't like this stuff?
First thing I'm going to do when we get back is eat some biological food.
Couldn't the pyramid have been built here by space travellers?
No.  It's just too small to support fauna as big as the parasites.  If there were a native ecology it would have to be microscopic.
They never made it off the planet. The parasites won.
We do know that.
About four hours.
These day and night cycles are totally disorienting.  I feel like we've been here for days but it's only been how long?
Could be some kind of venom or poison...
That tube must be depositing it in him.
It appears to be a heavy fluid of some sort... it blocks the X-rays...
Source of transmission is to the northeast... about 300 meters.
Just a second.  Those aren't water vapor clouds; they have no moisture content.
My God it's stormy for a piece of rock that size!
Men have waited centuries to contact another form of intelligent life in the universe.  This is an opportunity which may never come again.
What can I do?
No good... it's eaten too much of me...
But I can save you -- get you to the Autodoc!
No... don't...
I'll get you out of there.
That was Melkonis... it ate Hunter...
What did it do to you?
And you stand aside while we drive it in then shut the hatch launch the boat and --
And you'll let me know when you've got it coming this way...
All right Martin we'll be in touch with you on the communicator.
Who gets the privilege?
Yes and maybe launch the boat and blow it too... if the others are injured.
Now.  If we can get it into the boat we won't have to blow it up -- we can just eject it into space.
So what do we do?  Do we ignore it and finish loading the explosives into the boat -- or do we flush it out now?
It's stable; it doesn't hurt to drop it.
<u>Hey watch it</u>!
Here carry these.
You know it's funny -- this stuff we went to so much trouble to dig up -- this treasure the paydirt -- it'll make it back to Irth just fine -- even if we're not with it.
But the idea's good if we could just turn it around somehow.
Yeah... I forgot.
No it won't work and I just realized why.  There's only one hypersleep freezer on the lifeboat. Only one of us could survive.
Doesn't matter -- we're already at light speed.  And when we get back to the Colonies they'll pick us up in the network.
But the lifeboat can't accelerate to light speed.
Right... but it'll take a few minutes for the engines to overheat and melt down the core.  In the meantime we get in the lifeboat and leave the ship.
That'll blow the ship up.
Okay.  First we shut down all the cooling systems on the stardrive engines.
Let's hear it.
That kind of remark is pointless. Now come on -- I want to hear every suggestion you can come up with no matter how wild.
It was time for that a couple days ago.
No such luck.  I saw it running down one of the corridors.
At least we're rid of the damn monster.  It must have been the first thing sucked out of the ship.
Poor kitty; puss puss puss.
No I had to seal off a whole section.  We'd lose too much of our remaining air if we opened the connecting door.
Can we get to him?
I saw it.  Faust got himself jammed in the air lock door.  His body held it open.
... More spores coming.
Which presumably means...
Then that tomb... must have been some kind of fertility temple... where they stored their eggs and maybe held mating rituals...
This is all the same creature.  We're seeing the different stages in its life-cycle.
So the next step should be --
That next thing there -- six legs tentacles -- that's the thing we saw in the food locker.
I know it looks like a senseless jumble but if you look closely there are recognizable forms.
Well... yes... there's a pattern... but it's meaningless to me.
Can you make out any pattern in all that?
What's that supposed to mean?
Two down four to go.
By eating our food supplies.
How did it get so <u>big</u>?
Right now let's keep it closed.
That's a flip-flop gate to channel the air but we can use it to trap the thing.
Let's be democratic.
So the only question left is: who gets to crawl down the airshaft?
The man would need protection obviously -- as well as some way to drive the thing before him.
Are you <u>crazy</u>?
What do you think?  Now we go in.
Go ahead Jay.
This stuff's deadly -- I hope we know what we're doing.
Once we kill the thing we won't need the food any more -- we can go straight into hypersleep.  Also it sounds like that thing is already doing a pretty good job on our supplies; it may be fouling them all.
Hey wait a minute!  That's all our food supplies in there!  We can't pump poison gas all over them!
I guess we open the door and net it.
It started crashing around right after we locked it in.
What's it doing having a seizure?
We're coming!
Food-storage room!
Where are you?
We've got it up here!  It's trapped! Get up here fast!
Even simple.
These will be very useful.  At least we won't have to go digging around in closets with our bare hands.  All right here's the battle plan: we're going to break into two teams and start systematically covering the ship.  Whoever finds it first catches it in the net and ejects it from the nearest airlock.  Clear?
But if we <u>haven't</u> caught it in a week then we have to go into the freezers anyway.
All right so that's what we've got. A week.  It's plenty of time.
We won't need it then.
That's okay he can remain in hypersleep until they're ready to treat him.
We'll have to go into quarantine maybe for quite a while.
I think the best thing to do with Broussard is to just freeze him as he is.  It'll arrest the progress of his disease and he can get complete medical attention when we get back to the Colonies.
Quit complaining; we're in space.
That's the part that always makes me feel like I'm gonna puke -- when we accelerate into light speed.
With great pleasure.
You bet we made it.  Martin set course for Irth and accelerate us into stardrive.
We made it!  Damn we made it!
Let's take her into an escape orbit.
Up one kilometer Jay.
Take us up.
They seem native to the planet.  It's got an atmosphere and a dense gravity.  It's dead now but once it must have been fertile.
Where did the parasites come from?
If we knew exactly what happened to the beings on the other ship --
I can't lean on Faust any harder -- he's been working non-stop on the engines.
Look I'm not trying to rub anybody's nose in anything.  The important thing is just to get away from here as fast as possible.
I'm sorry to say it looks like you were right in the first place Martin.  We never should have landed here.
Is that its mouth?
Look at these suckers -- no wonder we couldn't get it off him.
Broussard had film in his datastick didn't he?  We can see what happened to him.
He went into the pyramid alone.  We lost radio contact with him.  When we pulled him out it was on his face. It won't come off not without injuring him.
Would somebody fill me in?
I understand why you did that.
Martin this is an order!  Open the door!
Chaz listen to me -- we've broken every rule of quarantine.  If we bring an organism on board we won't have a single layer of defense left.
We can't leave him out here open the door.
Chaz if it's an organism and we let it in the ship will be infected.
You hear me Martin?  Open the outer door.
It's some kind of organism it's attached itself to him.  Let us in.
Chaz -- what happened to Broussard?
We're coming up now open the outer lock door.
Can't talk now; Broussard's injured. We'll need some help getting him into the ship.
Thank Christ!  We lost you!  Listen there's been a new development --
Yeah we hear you!  We're coming back!
Hey can you guys hear me?
Tell you what Martin.  As soon as the engine's fixed --
This ship is full of cat hair.
But why draw it on the wall?
Well... it's obviously intentional... some kind of attempt at communication... maybe it's a symbol that means something to them...
What would you say that was supposed to mean?
I've always respected your opinion Martin.  If something worries you it worries me.
Oh well... you know me.
Still worried?
I don't even know what I'm looking for.
Find anything we missed?
What killed it?
I agree.  This is the single most important discovery in history.
It appears to be some sort of spacecraft.  We're going to approach it.
Found what?
Martin uh we've found it.
Good.  I'm getting you clear too. Let's just keep the line open.
Okay Chaz I hear you.  I've got you on my board.
Well we won't need pressure suits but breathing masks are called for. Sandy -- can you rig up some kind of portable unit that we can use to follow that transmission to its source?
Yeah rock particles.  Dust.
Anything else?
Not a one.  It's dead.
Any microorganisms?
Zero.  Dry as a bone.
Good!  Moisture content?
Ten to the fourth dynes per square centimeter.
Nontoxic... but unbreathable. Pressure?
10% argon 85% nitrogen 5% neon... and some trace elements.
Sandy... how far are we from the source of the transmission?
Yeah okay. 
Engine room what happened?
What the hell happened?
Turn on navigation lights.
Atmospheric turbulence.  Dust storm.
No -- that's atmosphere.  Cloud layer.
It's out of focus.
Well it's finally happened.
Computer you have signalled a priority three message.  What is the message?
Let's hear it.
Chaz I've got something here on my security alert.  A high priority from the computer...
This is Chaz speaking.  Sorry but we are not home.  Our present location seems to be only halfway to Irth. Remain at your posts and stand by. That is all.
Sandy contact traffic control.
Where are we?
Right.  Fire up all systems.
All right tycoons let's stop spending our credit and start worrying about the job at hand.
Do you want a tablet?
It's nothing Doc.  Just a... touch of indigestion... something.
What is it?
Can I... um... have some water?  Please?
Forget that.  I want you off alcohol for at least seventy-two hours. I've got some toxin build-up tests still to run.
The head's okay but I could sink a six-pack.
Headache?  Dehydration?
Wait a minute.
Let's get back and call this in.
Bloody big if it is.  Top's open.
Looks like a spore.  Fungus of some kind maybe?
I told you we... what's that?
God I hope that thing didn't bring down a virus.
Yeah it's fine.
No it's still breathing.  Kinda clammy though.  Are you sure your stick's not broken.
Is it dead?
It's a rhino.
Well just keep looking.  It's gotta be... whoa Jesus!
Nada. No radiation... no movement... nothing.
Do you wanna head back and call it in?
Me either.  I tell you I used to be with a mining outfit on Callisto and when something like that hits... believe me you know about it.
We've got no option.  We're gonna have to get it off.
Nah.  I just wanna squeeze off a few rounds.  'Sides they tagged the rhinos for the migration project so they're protected.  They'll dock you a month's pay for just mentioning it.
Good argument for gun-control.  What are you going after rhino?
Nice howitzer you've got there.
Keep trying!
I can't reach her.  Too much signal break-up.
Get her on-line.  Now!
Drains right into the Central Reservoir.
I found it...
Quick!  Run a trace on the culvert leading off the auto-shop maintenance pit.
Comin' up the Central Reservoir.
Where is she?
What?  What's wrong?  What is it?
Are you alright?
We're not gonna make it are we?
Give or take.
How many of them are there?
We're what!?
Cassie thank Christ!  We're under attack.
What's happening?
Seal everything now!
It's on the board.
A three-second burn to port on my mark.
What do you need?
Okay give me the numbers.
Can you patch me a temporary loop on DCMGS?
Yeah.  Turns out they dropped straight out of hyperspace.
We figured on it being a magnetic anomaly but we ran a back-trace just to make sure.
A pair of incomings.  They popped-up on the medium-range about thirteen twenty-four local time.
Better tell the boss.
That's the second time I ran it and it still reads the same.
No but I got something that might interest you.
I lose 'em all that's why I'm still out here on this rock.  Anything else you wanna ruin my day with?
You win some you loose some.
Fucking great.  I invested some money in them.
Yesterday.  We got the Network feed from Gateway; it was the top story on 'Sixty Seconds'.  Biggest market crash since twenty-four.
Shit.  When?
MarsCo went belly-up on the Dow Jones.
If I can get to the chopper I'll meet you at the rendezvous.  Don't wait for me.
We've dumped the whole data-base from one of the cleaning remotes into the helmet. It'll project the route through the sewer system onto the inside of the glass as you go.
About thirty minutes.  Those are slimmed-down tanks so no stopping to admire the scenery.
How much air-time have I got?
Alright let's keep calm.  We've got to have an option of some sort... there's got to be a way out of this.
Has anybody talked to them?
Auto-shop's sealed but those boys are cut-off.
What's our weapons situation?
Unconfirmed reports of eighteen or so far but the numbers are all over the place.
It's too late!
Force the door.
The door's sealed from inside.  Doc Revna's in there and it sounds like Ackland's going nuts.
What's going on?
Picking up velocity.
Can we move it to a different orbit in time?
Seven minutes ago the third course change in an hour.  Those incomings are going to skim past the communications platform just a little too close for comfort.
We ran a trajectory simulation.  If they carry on along that path it's possible they'll make intra-orbital insertion.
Where're they headed?
Sounds like a couple of escape shuttles.
Curious thing is the mass detector says they're too small to carry a deep-space drive.
Couple more seconds!
Move it baby or they're gonna be chewin' on my cojones!
No he's stopped; he's totally still. Just take it nice and easy babe. Nice and easy...
Is it still moving?
It's alright it's cool...
Oh man.  That's no glitch!
I dunno.  Might be a glitch.
Wait.  Lost it.
Can't see a thing.  Are you sure?
Just behind us over to the right.
What?  Where?
I'm picking up another signal.
What's wrong?
Hold it hold it...
It's moving slow.  About... eleven metres. On the left.
Still got him?
Yeah I got it.
Careful of that edging there...
Anything you say Mammacitta.
But I'm going first...
I'll come with you.
Alright okay.  Look...
Hey fair enough.  If you won't come I'll handle it myself.
What the hell are you doing?
Fuck the bonus.  I hate heights.  You wouldn't get me up there even if it wasn't night.
C'mon De Vries.  Think of the bonus.
Forget it man.
I've seen this mother De Vries.  We can bag it no problem.
What?  Are you nuts?  Just the two of us?
Just got a reading...
Whoa wait a minute...
That's a fact.
Goldsmith's gonna be plenty pissed at losing one of her babies.
There's no way a rhino'd survive that drop.
That's impossible man.  This fence is high-tensile.  The breaking tolerance'd stand up to the strain of a rhino easy. I know I put it up.
One of 'em must have escaped.
Take a look at this.
Hey Guttierez?
Something spooking the rhinos?
Next time you have a thought like that? Keep it to yourself.
That's what I mean.  This is the quietest I've ever heard it.  It's unnatural.
Listen to what?
Hey!  I was in shape before we started doing this.
Ah quit griping.  Keeps you in shape doesn't it?
One more sweep... one more sweep.  I'm getting tired of one more fuckin' sweep. We're been lookin' for this thing for three days now and found zip.
C'mon man.  One more sweep.
One final point.  Killing this sonuvabitch ought to be a reward in itself.  However just to add a little incentive... I'm authorizing a hefty bonus in the next pay-packet for whoever does.
Nobody wander off on their own until it's found.  Keep in pairs. Diller once the first team's done their sweep I want you to go down with Annie to Three-Pump while she replaces it.
Where does that lead to?
Secondary fluidic shunt for the sewage system.  I found the grating ripped right off.  The little fucker was strong.
York just turned up outside.  We're trying to get him into Infirmary.
What happened?
Miss Noguchi!  You're wanted in admin.
How tight are these shafts?
We had to.  They were just too cumbersome for some of the conduits you're gonna have to negotiate.  Besides all the crap floating around reduces visibility to the extent where I doubt having helmet lights would have make that much difference anyway.  Maintenance lights down there oughta be enough to do the trick.
Sounds great.
Yeah I stripped down a motion tracker and hardwired it through to the helmet pick-ups too.  That's also on the display.
Is this the suit?
Which mean physically going outside.
Nah.  It's got programmable facilities but it was never rigged for remote operation.  Someone'd have to go up to the cab to get it up and running.
That sounds promising.  Can we operate the crane from here?
Shit!  Our armory's a big blue box from the back shelf of stores.  We got about two clips left for an autoloader and that's it.
And nothing.  They checked out just fine.
Appreciate that.
Give me twenty minutes and I'll do it myself.
She was running a little sluggish on the way back.  Think the turbines might be playing up.
What's the problem?
Hey Jan.  See if you can get someone to check out the chopper.
Blow those suckers Driscoll!
Okay I'm out of here!
Right.  Auto-shop you all set?
Okay we're in business.
Right.  When you've done that don't waste any time getting out of there.  Once that crane starts moving...well it's bound to provoke some kind of response.
Sorry.  Two green enabling buttons...
Okay I pull the access panel off of the console.  Insert the disk and press the green enabling button...
Let's just run through it one more time so I know you've got it straight.
Forget it.  I wouldn't ask somebody to do something I wouldn't do myself.  Where's the disk?
There's still time to back-out.
What?  Why?
It's not all good news.  We had to take off the helmet lights.  You'll be going in blind.
Well... try the headset.
Communications to auto-shop go through an F.O. link off the main trunk. That's down with the other feeds.
Looks like it.
They knocked out the external feeds.
How many... how many people are missing?
Everything on this module is locked and sealed.  We've lost 'B' 'C' and 'E' wings but 'E' was the only one we didn't manage to totally evacuate.
You've checked that end?
Central Pumping.  All the waste gets  treated broken-down and flushed out into the swamp.  If it wanted a quick exit then it really lucked- out.
What is that?
It left a melted trail on the deck all the way down to here...
Punch me in a solution for their delta-vee.
Compensate!
They've changed their heading again.
Get off an all-bands emergency distress and put it on a repeater.
Already working on it.
Just give them the facts.  They can leap to their own conclusions.
Fort Powell.  What do we tell 'em?
Done it already.  Nothing matches.
Have you got an updated Lloyds' Almanac to cross-reff them through?
That's what we thought.
You have to...
I... I can't!
I can... feel it moving around inside me. You've got to kill me.
What can I do?
They...they snapped my legs to fit... fit me in here.  I don't...remember what happened next.
Don't wait for me!
Hurry it up.
Detour.  Other way's blocked...
That's the wrong way!
I'm out of ammo.  Get inside get inside!
What do I think?  I think if those Marines from Powell don't shift their butts getting here we're gonna get caught up to our necks in the middle of something we shouldn't.
So what do you think?
Alright.  Pull some trackers and headsets out of stores and I'll sign a release for the weapons.  Cassie organise a team roster and put it on the board.
Cornering it shouldn't be a problem.  Each part of this station is basically a self-sufficient deep-space transport module running off external couplers.  If we disconnect them and seal off every section we've got a ceiling of about thirty-six hours on internal power.  That should give us ample time to find it.
Ackland?  I don't know him well enough to say.  If we were back on Earth we could run him though an Aldhoven test and find out for sure. There's not much we can do out here.
Do you believe him?
Again?  How long before we start noticing the difference?
Think I spoke too soon...
What do you mean?
Ah don't worry about I.C.C.  They're the least of your problems right now.
When we get the link back and I send this in I.C.C.'ll throw a fit.
I'm going to need you to co-sign the report.  Until we come up with something this'll be treated as first degree murder.
I've found Ackland!
Check out the tent.
Yeah.  Somebody won.
There'd have to be a helluva good reason for him not to.
Do you think Ackland'll sit tight?
Don't worry about it.  If the Network goes by the book like everyone figures they will a Marine gunboat from Powell'll drop-by for a look- see in four-or-five days.  They can go poke around out there and find whatever it was hit us.  All we've gotta do is sit tight.
Sure.  Do me good to stretch my legs.
'We'?  You wanna fly out there with me?
First light we'll take a chopper out there and tell them to head back.
Nothing.  With the satellite down we can't transmit over the mountain range. He's most likely sitting there wondering why he can't raise us.
Any luck raising Ackland's party?
Real man' drink.
What is that?
Just curious.  There's a lot of talk goes around.
What is this?  'Twenty Questions'?
Six month stint on Datus.
And before that?
How long you been out here for now anyway?  Three months?
Uh-huh.  Used to get it pretty bad.  I'd wake up in a cold sweat and want to claw open a vacuum hatch.
Is that a fact.
I'm serious.  That's why I switched from orbiting to planetary installations.
No not really.  More sort of the  'claustrophobic' type.
Not too much of the socializing type then?
I've got a lot of thinking to do.  'Sides the room was getting too crowded for me.
Didn't feel like whoopin' it up with the rest of us blue collars huh?
I just... wanted to be put on my own for a while.  Clear my head.
Hey boss.  Wondered where you'd gotten to.
We haven't used Big Bertha since we relocated the generator module. That was four months ago.  I can't ask for them to keep bringing spares in on the shuttle it's already costing too much as it is.
See that sheathing on the suspension? Eaten away.  Same thing with the pumps on the base air purifiers.  The algae out here just isn't good on these new plastics.
You got it cowboy.
Give me a yell is something happens.
'Bout five minutes.
What time's sundown?
Nah I'll stick it out for another hour or so.
You should hit the sack too.
Today's party's finished their sweep the relief team's out there now. Everybody else is either asleep or running shift in the auto-shop.
Yeah 'Good Evening' to you too.
How's it going?
Tactical nukes maybe?
Yeah exactly.  Those're pre-programmed course adjustments you're looking at.
Camped out by the navi-beacon out on Linson's Range.  They're making their own way back tomorrow.
Where'd you leave them?
Where's your old man?
What do you want Biff?
Listen you little Asshole I oughta --
The day I show respect to Biff Tannen will be the day I win a million dollars... What's the matter Biff they're not showing you any respect down at the golf course? Don't they realize what a tough job it is keeping the criminal element away from the country club?
Show me some respect you little asshole. It's Special Officer Tannen to you.
What do you want Biff?
Well well he smirked when Marty opened the door. If it isn't the neighborhood bootlegger Al Capone McFly?
And you never heard of rock 'n roll?
Uh yes sir...
This is 1952....?
I beg your pardon?
I don't get it. How come there's no rock 'n roll?
This... is the number one single?
I don't know. National Cash Register?
What's N.R.C.?
Third time they've been out there this week.
Dick what's with those guys out there in the gutter? 
Hot tip  Rubber Biscuit in the third race at Arlington.
Gimme some chili fries and a Tab.
Marty. What's for breakfast?
Morning Dick.
I think I know exactly what you mean.
You mean like how you're supposed to act with someone on a first date?
Well Eileen...jeez that's hard for me to say. Have you ever been in a situation where -- well -- you know you have to act a certain way but when you get there you don't know if you can go through with it?
Uh yeah well believe me I sure feel like I know you!
I'm usually nervous myself on first dates...but not tonight. It's funny but somehow I feel like....like I know you.
Oh no I'm fine...fine.
Are you all right Marty? You seem a little...nervous.
Listen  Professor Brown told me you called last night and gave me your message...
Marty you haven't been listening. Nobody's asked me to the dance...yet.
He comes out of the cafeteria line he's nervous he spills his corn and he asks you to the dance!
But he does! Don't you see?
But he didn't ask me.
George! He's supposed to ask you to the dance!
Yeah. Maybe so.
Nine o' clock.  Oh I'm late! Maybe I'll see you later.
What time does school start around here?
School? I never thought of school! If I went to school I could blend in with everybody else couldn't I?
Then you'll be going to school here....?
Oh I'm feeling much better now.
Well I was on my way to school and I just wanted to stop by and see if you were feeling okay.  You seemed like you were in pretty bad shape the other night.
How could I forget?  Oh sure I remember you.
You remember me...?
Have we ever met before?
It's polyester.
Uh thanks...
Here's your jacket!
How old are you?
I don't think I like the idea of you staying out all night with a girl!
Mom how else are we gonna see the sunrise?
You mean you're going to stay up all night?
That's good.
Learn anything?
How was school today?
I was practicing. I've got an audition next week -- I gotta practice. How am I gonna get famous if I don't practice?
I've been calling you for five minutes! Didn't you hear me?
Oh -- I'm all right. Say listen about this dance Saturday night --
How are you?
Uh hi Eileen.
Is that what you were going to ask me George? To go to the dance?
George if you don't want Chinese food pick a place you want to go and make a reservation.
Eileen Chinese food again?
By the way that reminds me...  Saturday night we're taking Grandma Stella out for Chinese food.
Coming Eileen...
Now George! Dinner's ready now!
No George just concentrate on the anger. Anger.
Maybe if I used my left....
Yes definitely god dammit George swear. Then you hit me in the stomach I go down for the count and you and Eileen life happily ever after. Now hit me in the stomach.
Oh. Uh... 'Hey you! Get your damn hands off her!'  George paused. You really think I should swear?
Your line George!
George it's not your concern. Don't worry about it. Just remember that at 9:00 you'll be strolling through the parking lot and you'll see us -- struggling in the car you'll run over open the door and say....?
You mean you're gonna --
Why is she gonna get angry with you?
Okay. So right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me -
In the parking lot with her.
And where am I gonna be?
I'm going to be at the dance.
You're not picking a fight you're coming to her rescue. Maybe we'd better go over the plan again. Where are you gonna be at 8:55?
But I've never picked a fight in my entire life!
How many times do I have to explain it to you?... We know you're not a fighter. You know it I know it... but she doesn't know it. That's why we gotta make you look like a fighter somebody who'll stand up for her somebody who isn't chicken. And you're not gonna look like a fighter if you can't hit me in the stomach.
Look Marty I'm just not a fighter...
You're not gonna hurt me. Just hit me in the stomach.
I don't want to hit you in the stomach!
Bic... It's a Bic pen.
'Bike fine point?'
Lemme see that.
It was Marty's turn to be confused. Huh?
What is that? A pencil that writes in ink?
Nothing. Look I'll write it down for you okay?
Christ it's a miracle I was even born! 
Oh no! That was for the cafeteria! This is different!
Say what you were supposed to say in the cafeteria.
What do I say?
Well... yeah...
George she's beautiful right? She's nice she's decent she's the kind of girl you'd like to marry right? And there's nothing in the world you'd like more than to take her to that dance right?
Not now....
You've gotta ask her to the dance!
Jeez what do you think? To see it!
The sunrise? What for?
Saturday night's the 'Springtime in Paris' dance. I'm taking Suzy Parker.
No Chinese food is fine.
Learn anything?
The drill!  The power drill I bought you for Christmas. I was using it last night.
What drill?
Dad you seen the drill?
Run out of gas?
Well yeah I was thinking if cars are gonna be going two or three hundred miles an hour they're gonna be using an awful lot of gas. Like what if we run out?
You're the only Mr. Lewis in this class.  If you have something to say say it so the whole class can hear.
Marty. Marty Lewis.
You have a name?
Uh -- yeah. I'm new here and I'm supposed to be in this class.
Yes that's my name. Who are you young man? Are you supposed to be here?
Hey Mr. Arky gimme a break!  I'm seventeen years old! I'm not responsible for all these problems!
Unfortunately the way things are going you may get your wish. You may see the entire annhiliation of the world. If not you'll certainly see the destruction of all out natural resources. We can already see the air we breathe not to mention the pollution in our rivers and lakes. We'll  see all of our oil reserves depleted in fact all of our energy sources. Yes you people have a lot to look forward to -- a lot to see.
Yeah explode it up your ass!
All I can say is that's one helluva attitude Mr. McFly. 'Let's explode a hundred megaton Geothermal nuclear device just to see it.'
You know damn well that's not what I meant.
Mr. McFly here wants to nuke it all just so he can see it!
Not a holocaust --
You'd like to see a nuclear holocaust?
Nineteen fifty --
March 11th.
Operator what's today's date?
I'm sorry there's no answer.
Five cents please.
Oh -- right! Uh Madison 3489.
Local calls cost five cents. What number do you want?
Sir it only costs a nickel.
Operator! Listen this is an emergency! I have to make this call but I don't have a dime -- all I got is a nickel -- but you gotta connect me --
Operator...
Pro! Release the rope!
Yeah  Right.
Okay Martin. You have a good evening now.
Home school here... 
Been any place unusual in the past twelve hours?
No no not beyond an acceptable level. Have you been X-rayed recently Martin?
What am I radioactive or something?
What's this all about?
Good evening one said. Agents Reese   and Foley from the Nuclear Regulatory Commition.  Mind stepping over here?
It's the most beautiful city I've ever seen! What is it?
Pretty isn't it?
The Orpheum.
What theater was I at?
But I told everyone your disappearance was due to a teleportation experiment you were helping me with. So don't mention anything about time travel to anyone.
Obviously!  
According to your girlfriend Suzy Parker you and she were at the movies. You went to the restroom and you never came out. Obviously you stepped through an inter-dimensional time warp created by the original operation of the time machine.
But if you didn't rebuild the time machine how did I go back in time in the first place?
87 states? Time travel bans? What the hell?
You see I never rebuilt the time machine after it was destroyed in 1952. I decided that experimenting with time and possibly changing history was too risky. Anyway experiments in time travel were banned in all 87 states after the governor of Cuba caught Dr. Felstien fooling around in the Bermuda Triangle -- that was back in '64.
What do you call this? 
Hop in Marty . We've got a long drive ahead of us.
1982! March 18 just like we planned! My calculations were absolutely correct! Thirty years! God I cannot believe it's been thirty years! Sure it was a long time ago -- longest I've ever had to wait for the results of an experiment!
What year is this?
Professor -- there are some doors that shouldn't be opened Marty said softly without turning around.
Marty  I know I've repeatedly asked you not to tell me anything about the future but....well those loud bangs on the tape recorder....are they....
Professor Brown grinned. I guess I'll see you in... about 30 years.
Thanks for everything Pro.
We're at one and a half miles so you're just a little over a mile from where you want to be  Wait until minus 3 minutes before you go -- that should give you plenty of time and it should be close enough to zero hour that they can't do anything to stop you. Park the truck at 800 and get in the refri-- the time chamber. Just be sure the nose of the truck is pointed at the bomb....the power converter will do the rest.
It was sure nice of Uncle Sam to put those yardage markers up for us. 
Curious...  Very curious.
Nope. My father's never clenched a fist in his entire life!
You didn't?
It could happen at the moment you arrive back in the future theoretically it could happen at the moment of your birth...or conception. Actually it could happen at any time. It's a question to which I hope we'll never learn the answer.
There's no way of knowing.
Professor if something does go wrong tonight... if I don't get my parents back together... when do you think I'd cease to exist?
It'll be fine Marty.  You'll be fine. Good luck. He stuck his hand out and Marty shook it. But there was still a question that was nagging at him...
That's just what I needed to hear.
Look Marty she's not your mother yet. And if you don't go through with this she may never be. I know it's hard but there are some things we must do in life that are unpleasant. Some choices must be made that are difficult. Nonetheless we must make them. Besides this may be more than a simple question of your own existence he added. The fate of the entire space-time continuum may rest on your shoulders . Marty tried to smile at him.
That's exactly what I said! I mean a guy and his mother -- that's illegal isn't it?
Nobody said anything about hitting her! You're just going to take a few liberties with her.
Look. I'm a little worried about this -- this whole thing with my mother he admitted to the Professor. I mean I don't know if I can do it -- I mean hitting on my own mother that's pretty heavy.
Good. Professor Brown tested the tarp noting in satisfaction that it was secure. I'll pick you up in front of the school at midnight. Don't be late -- we're cutting it close as it is. We've got a long drive ahead of us.
That's all taken care of.
In a manner of speaking yes. And because of that she's no longer interested in your father.
Are you trying to tell me that my mother's got the hots for me?
Apparently what has happened is that the maternal instinct has transcended the gap of time and this has caused an alteration in your mother's emotional behavior.
But why? Why would she do that? She's supposed to marry the guy!
My guess is that she turned him down.
But that's impossible!! George asked her out! He had to! I saw him walk her home! Oh God!
Your 'mother' wanted me to tell you that she was very impressed by what you did this afternoon and that if you were interested in going to the dance Saturday she's available.
Believe me Professor running around on a nuclear test site can't be any more dangerous than what I've been doing.
The test is this Monday! 15 megatons... Let's see we need 4200 rads...  You'd have to be...exactly 800 yards from ground zero... You realize that what we're going to do could be extremely dangerous.
I brought it with me from 1982. It's from my science book.
Where did you get this?
You better make sure your old man asks her out because if he doesn't they may never have a first date. And if they don't have a first date they won't have a second date. If they don't have a second date they won't fall in love. If they don't fall in love they won't get married and if they don't get married you'll never be born!
Look it's not a big deal! I can fix it! All I gotta do is get 'em together and make sure my old man asks her out!
You did what?!?
Curious... Very curious....
Well it was there.
I don't recall ever seeing it before.
Oh -- that -- I found it in the closet.
Say where did this guitar come from?
You forget -- time travel is instantaneous. The time machine would melt but you would have already travelled through time. Of course it's a moot point regardless. The only place atomic bombs are detonated is at the Army's Nevada Test Site and those tests are kept absolutely top secret.
You're talking crazy! An atomic blast would melt me and the time machine in a matter of seconds!
I am serious. If we could get you the time machine and the power converter in the vicinity of an atomic blast we could send you back to the future.
Professor be serious would you?
An atomic bomb.
Okay Professor I get where you're coming from. The way I look the way I'm dressed...  I'd stick out like a sore thumb.
Let me put it on a level you can understand. You don't belong here. You don't know anything about this world. You don't know the customs you don't know how to talk how to act -- you don't even look like you belong here. And if you walked out on the street you wouldn't get 100 yards without being arrested. Then there would be questions and where would we come up with the answers?
I don't know but I don't want to take any chances! Now you stay here and don't do anything. Don't answer the door don't answer the phone don't go outside. Understand?
Hey look gimme a break! All I did was answer the door! How's that gonna change history?
Then I would have figured out to get back in through the events in the natural course of history! Don't you understand? The fabric of history is very delicate. Anything you do could have serious consequences!
What if you lost your keys?
I told you not to interfere with any of the events of this time! Nobody's supposed to see you here! What if I was a mailman? Or a salesman?
You were ringing the doorbell!
You answered the door!
That's just great!
4200 rads...  That certainly can't be generated under controlled conditions in this day and age.
We don't....
Professor. Well not exactly Professor. You see we don't point it at the sun.
Just a guess. I figured kids would still be drinking Coke in 1982.
How did you know?
Blast it -- no I suppose you're right.... You do know the proper chemical formula?
Well Professor are you sure you want me to tell you? You know changing the course of history and all....
Of course! The power converter! It works! Of course it works...  What chemicals do we use?
The power converter...
On second thought there may be some things you'll have to tell me.
Oh. That expression probably hasn't been invented yet... I can get behind -- I agree with you.
No! Don't tell me!  I don't want to know the future! My knowledge of future events... your mere presence here... could have devastating effects on the course of history. And altering history is a responsibility that I do not wish to bear. My immediate response is to send you back to your own time.
You didn't Professor. It was an accident! You see what happened --
You've convinced me that you must be who you say you are. No living human has ever seen this machine.  But why? Why even in my twilight years would I remotely consider sending someone back in time?
Yeah a shopping mall. You know a shopping mall?
Well there's a mall here now -- I mean there will be.
Must have been? Used to live? I do live here.
Jeez -- this is where you used to live huh? You must have been rich!
Uh Marty Lewis! I almost didn't recognize him -- haven't seen him in years.
He will be. Simple inebriation is all. The young man must have a rather low tolerance for alcohol... something that runs in the family. You see he's a second cousin of mine on my mother's side. Came quite a distance to visit me he added. His name's Lewis.
Professor you time machine works! It works! It sent me back in time! I'm from 1982!
You know me?
Professor? Professor Brown?
Sure he agreed quickly.
The future Marty the future is everything! I built this machine to see the future. So I am going to send Shemp twenty-four hours into the future. You can assist me if you like.
All I know is you're throwing away an awful lot of money.
Don't you understand? The mere act of sending matter back in time would change the course of events and changing history is a responsibility that I do not wish to bear.
So what? We'd be rich!
Marty that would alter history.
Sure! Listen -- we take the racing results from today's paper...
A gold mine?
Professor can this thing send Shemp back in time?
Of course. Shemp is unaware that anything even happened other than his stool suddenly falling over. We had to wait two minutes to catch up to him but for Shemp the trip was instantaneous.
Is Shemp all right?
Exactly two minutes difference...  and it's still ticking!
The plutonium! That's what I came over here for! Professor where did you get that stuff?
Precisely! 
A time machine! Because of that Coke?!
Now hold on a minute Professor! Hold the phone. Are you trying to tell me that this -- all of this here -- that this is -- it's a -- a --
Shemp is right here in this room...two minutes from now and at exactly 9:02PM we'll catch up to him.
The future? What are you talking about? Where's Shemp?!
The appropriate question to ask is when the hell is he! You see Shemp has just become the world's first time traveller. I've sent Shemp into the future -- two minutes into the future to be exact.
Then where the hell is he?
No Marty. Shemp's molecular structure is completely intact!
Get behind the shield! I'm about to release radiation!
But Professor --
...To be traveled through
Catch you later! 
Jeez for a guy with a ton of clocks you sure don't pay much attention to time.
Oh right right... 
Pro the sun's out!
Eight thirty.
Oh -- Marty -- what time did you say it was?
Nope. The way I figure it doors are made to be opened. See you after school.
Did you ever consider that some doors are locked for a reason?
A 35mm film chain... I'll see what I can do....
That reminds me if we could scrape up enough for a 35 film chain I've got a connection with a projectionist in a first run house -- we could be sellin' new movies on the street before they're even in the theater.
The power of a million hydrogen bombs!  ...and we get twenty four measly volts. It's not fair! I've been working on this power converter since 1949 and you'd think in all that time I could find the right chemicals that would efficiently convert radiation into electric energy! But no! Thirty three years of dedication and research and all I've got to show for it is a bootleg video operation!
Professor Brown! It's almost eight thirty -- I'm outta here!
Dick Wilson? Dickie Wilson? Dickie Wilson runs this place? That's a laugh!
What happened to Dick Wilson?
I run this place! 
Now who's being stupid? The guy who runs this place.
Dick? Dick who?
Look maybe I'd better talk to Dick. Is he around?
Sweet and what?  Maybe you'd better pay for this first.
Uh yeah... Gimme a Tab.
What did you do to yours?
What did you do to your hair?
Is  something going to happen Saturday night?
Hell no! The way my mom carries on about sex -- you even mention the word and she goes into cardiac arrest. You shoulda seen her face when I told her we were gonna stay up all night Saturday he added. Always afraid something is going to happen.
Me neither. I've always wondered whether they slept together before they got married. You think yours did?
Can you imagine your parents in bed together?
Yeah... Jesus! I wonder how he ever got up enough nerve to marry my mom.
No self confidence I guess... At least you don't take after him.
...He just lets himself get pushed around all the time! People walk all over him and he never fights back never stands up for himself.
Then that's it!
You mean the guy from the old wine commercials?
November 1 thirty days have September April June and November...when short February's done all the rest have thirty-one. October 31st!  Halloween!  Don't you get it?  Orson Welles!
Forty-six Yoyodyne employees.  Grover's Mill New Jersey 11/1/38.
New Jersey?
All these people applied for drivers' licenses in the same town in New Jersey on the exact same date.
Who're you?
So we'll help.  Let's get crackin'!
They're stealing my chopper!
There's another one we owe 'em.
Rawhide go find out how Professor Hikita's coming with that formula. Mrs. Johnson take Casper and Scooter gas up the Jet Car.
Not me. No way.
You wanna take the chance Casper?
She gotta be kiddin' right? Vaporize the whole damn planet--?
Nothing to apologize for Casper.  You've gone beyond the call of duty tonight.  Mind if I get on the horn and radio the Cavaliers--?  They'll be worried.
Forgive the butterfingers Buckaroo.  Casper Lindley Knight of the Blue Shield at your disposal.  And my son Scooter.
There's a Harley behind those bushes.  Get back to the laboratory and start working on the formula.  We don't have time to ask questions. Just synthesize it-
Arachtoids.  From Planet Ten.
Antidote to what?  Whose disguises?
It's an antidote. A formula.  Whoever it was on the phone made me scribble this and gave me the ability to penetrate their disguises.
It's your hand Buckaroo.
Ever since that phony phone call from the President.  Look at this. What is it?
I'm a giant semi-conductor and there's alien creatures all around us. Form the Eighth Dimension I think.  Look...
Careful...don't make noise and don't touch me.  I'm hotter than flapjacks.
Buckaroo!  What the Sam Hill!
Which we all know are the forces that tend to pull objects part right professor?
We at the Banzai Institute have at last found that way: an alternating gradient synchronizer that softens solid matter by attenuating its electroweak forces!
I'm assigning a couple Blue Shields to protect you around the clock just in case.
Rawhide tells me Dr. Lizardo escaped...
Buckaroo I've done an advanced spectrograph analysis on the specimen you pulled off the Jet Car drive shaft.
Smells fermented.  Check in with the Institute Reno see if everything's kosher.
The creatures?  They attacked you?  They tried to possess you?
See 'em?  They about had me and the whole damn car for breakfast. Broke my windshield...
Sure do pack a mean wallop...let's go...
We will old fried we will.
So I was right.  That's nice to know...
Just 'grazed' you huh?
You're a welcome sight...
Yeah. Just grazed me.  The Professor's under the floor too...with the Overthruster...
Yoyodyne Propulsion Systems?  You think they're mixed up in this?
I think I'm on to something. You and the guys go back to the house and dig up everything you can on an outfit called Yoyodyne.
What crate?
The deuce you say.  That crate!
Buckaroo somebody shanghaied the Professor!
That's me. I've been ionized but I'm okay. I'm switching on the homing beacon mark two minute intervals.
And try the President's private number at the hospital.  Make sure this is on the level. We're busy people here.
Go back to the bus and reroute the call.
He went on a senseless crime spree killed a cop during a bank robbery got caught and judged insane.  The professor told us they threw away the key.
And his soul black as the Ace of Spades.
The professor and Dr. Emilio Lizardo were actually the first to discover the Eighth Dimension.  Almost fifty years ago.  Before Buckaroo's parents even knew each other.  But there was trouble a rocket catapult failed and Dr. Lizardo got sucked half in half out...when they hauled him back he wasn't the same guy.  His hair was orange...
First thing I did.
Have you warned Professor Hikita?
Dr. Lizardo's a raving lunatic Perfect Tommy a vicious psychopath with crazy eyes and flaming orange hair that once upon a time was mousy brown like yours.
Vanished. Thin air.
Same one you had yesterday?
Got a half a tuna sandwich.
I'm starving...somebody help.
New Jersey brought her back to the bus through heavy fire.  Quite a guy if you want my opinion.
All accounted for?  Where's Penny?
Whorfin?  Does he know we're coming?
It's Whorfin Buckaroo.  Line 3.
Where's the professor?
Dead.  Damnit!
Sam's dead!  Someone broke into the Jet Car! And things are going haywire over at the lab...
What is it Tommy?
Buckaroo--! Sorry--
It?  Who does?
It wouldn't tell us the whole story until you got here.  It wasn't to talk to the head honcho.
Yeah but most of 'em blasted in through the Eighth Dimension in 1938 at Grover's Mills New Jersey...
Planet 10?  The same Planet 10 you postulated beyond Pluto Perfect Tommy?  The invisible body?
Let her out?  She's a killer.
Let her out. In my custody.
Running a little late Buckaroo.
I'm sure we'll find out soon enough.
Hey any lock can be picked.  So what's he up to?
I look great.  Let's rock 'n' roll.
Everybody ready?  How do we look?  Do we look okay?
She wants a picture.
Not really.  This is pretty important.
Buckaroo you got a minute--?
Who put this dirty picture in Buckaroo's viewer?
Anybody we know?
Now Buckaroo Banzai?
Pull up!  We did it!  Holy shit we did it!  Pull up!
Boy I hope so Buckaroo Banzai.
Does this thing have guns John Parker?
At least tell them I'm trying!  Tell 'em something--!
I lack the authority Buckaroo Banzai.
The door's locked.
We're going down!  Onto the runway!
Don't look at me Buckaroo Banzai.  I failed flight school.
What is this thing?  A fighter?
They will never surrender.  They will fight to the end.
These antidote filters the Professor's whipped up will let you to see them like I have since yesterday as arachtoidal creatures. They won't be pretty nothing personal John Parker.  But just remember...if we fail tonight there's no tomorrow.
And ask the American taxpayer to foot the bill?  No way.  Send 'em back to the Eighth Dimension as soon as we find the Overthruster.  It wasn't in Penny's purse...so if we have to run this joint upside down and inside out...
Just their side.  What're we gonna do with these people?  They're illegal aliens the way I figure been here forty years you could throw the book at 'em...
Got a casualty list?
John Parker tell them we're doing our best.  Stall.
They're armed for bear Buckaroo.  Check out those radiation levels.
Don't shoot!
And they got Penny!  Look!
To get my guns.
Where're you goin'?
Stole his body?  When Doctor Lizardo's hair turned red and his mind snapped?  Of course!  What else?
...but he wasn't the real Doctor Lizardo...just this arachtoid creep that stole the good doc's body the year before in the Eighth Dimension when Prof. Hikita's lab exploded...
Orson Wells?  What about Doctor Lizardo?
...where there was some kinda giant crash landing a huge explosion and they fooled Orson Welles into covering it up!  And then they founded Yoyodyne Propulsion Systems and hid there for...
What? How do you know that?
They're arachtoids Buckaroo from Planet 10!
Figures.  Anybody seen my scope?
And there's a two-hundred-dollar deductible we have to eat on that crack in her windshield.
Penny--?!  Are you all right?
I'm not worth it Buckaroo! Forget me!
Sure.  I won't hold my breath.
Stay here I'll be back.
That's just what you would say.  This is so unreal.  I'm dreaming...
It's too dangerous.
You've got your six guns strapped on.  You're ridding off on another adventure?  Oh my God it's all real...it really is real.  I should go with you.  Please...
Absolutely.
Believe in Penny Priddy?
Yeah...and maybe more important if you believe in yourself.
What?  If we just believe in Buckaroo Banzai?
Please Penny.  You just gotta trust me now.  Okay?  And don't panic. Because it's gonna be all right.
Go where?  Where're you going?
I gotta go.  We're on borrowed time.
I gotta be honest with myself and not repress these feelings-I've got mixed emotions-I don't know if I can handle this.  Oh boy...
I wish he was.  He's real enough.
Hanoi Shan--?  The guy in your comic books.  Boss of the World Crime League?  Supreme Commander of the Legion of Death?  The Pivot of Mystery himself?  You're putting me on.  He's a cartoon character.
She was murdered by Hanoi Shan on our wedding night.
Yes I do.  Gimme a chance.  I'm stronger than you think.
You don't wanna know.
How did she die?  I wanna know.
Where's my damn ammo?  Nothing is ever where it's supposed to be around here!
Looks like you're the one might go to pieces.
Don't go to pieces.  I haven't got time tonight.
She was killed Penny.
She must've been a bigger fool than me if she ran out on a guy like you...
I'll shoot yours off if I had a gun you double-dealing Casanova!  I thought you liked me for myself.  But why should you huh?  A jerk like me.
Open up or I'll shoot it off.
You keep an eye on it.
Who does?  It's a crazy mixed-up world.  Just do the best you can with what you have...
What?  I don't understand you.  I don't understand anything anymore.
Adopted.  I should have know. Of course. If it was a snake it'd bit me!
Somewhere.  See I was taken away by the Priddies when I was a baby.  I was adopted.
Another 'you'?
I don't know. I always felt like I did like there was another me...
Did you have family there--? A sister?  In Cody?
Which?  The one in my throat.
Having a little trouble with that knot aren't you?
No I don't.
No.  Laramie.  Except I was born in Cody. How did you know that?  Oh right sure I forgot: you know everything.
Wyoming? Not Cody by any chance?
The Netherlands.  Whew that's a long way from Wyoming.
I'd turn around but I'm afraid you'd strangle me.
It's kinda hard this way.
She was the Queen of the Netherlands.
The girl I remind you of.
Was she pretty?
Pretty terrible shot.
You.  Like the papers all say.
Who were you really trying to kill last night?
Go away.  Let me rot?
I guess 'cause you remind me of someone I once knew long ago before any of this craziness.
What're you doing here? Why're you looking at me like that?
Everybody okay up here?
Let me go let me go you creeps...
My name's Penny!  But who cares?
This song's for Peggy.  And all you others out there a little down on your luck.
Do I look like that kinda girl?  I lost my room this morning.  I don't know where I'm gonna sleep tonight but I keep going.  What the hell else can I do?  I've still got my figure and like this bozo said as long as there's a sidewalk I'll always have a job.
He offered you money?
Did I say anything was wrong? I just sponged up a little too much Vat 69 okay? I'm down to my last nickel in this lousy town I can't get my luggage outta hock 'cause I met this jerk who said he was a record producer when all he had was a record.  He offered to set me up for life and like a fool well I...
Nobody's a nobody.  Why're you crying?  What's wrong?
My name is Penny. Penny Priddy.  There I've said it but it won't mean anything to you.  I'm a nobody.
Penny.  I'd rather not reveal my last name or my age.
Somebody get her a mike? Can we manage that?  And a spotlight.  What's your name?
This is so embarrassing...
Raise your hand...where?
You're quite serious about this aren't you Buckaroo.  We know each other pretty well I think.
A thermonuclear holocaust sir.  These creatures from Planet 10 are ready to exploit Soviet-American tensions and get us to blow each other off the face of the earth sir if necessary.
...hit Smolensk and precipitate a thermonuclear war Mr. President.
You're gonna have to repeat that I think Buckaroo.
Not too terrific sir.  I apologize for the interruption but something very unusual has reared its ugly head in outer space and it looks like the Earth's caught in a crossfire.
That which does not kill us makes us stronger Buckaroo.  What's it like out there in the real world?
Hello Mr. President.  How's my favorite patient?  Any tenderness?
World Watch One.  Direct incoming transmission.
Damn John Whorfin--!
But John Whorfin said kill her.
You look!  It's not here!
John Whorfin will kill us!
Not here!  No Overthruster!
I have a radio fix...
Where was it John O'Connor? How far back?
A black thermopod here?  On Earth?!  Why John Gomez?  Why?
What? A black ship?  Where?  A black thermopod's been shot down ten miles back.
Should we be on Code Red?
Possible atmospheric condition sir...solar.  It's unusual but no cause for alarm.  Intelligence reports the Soviets are having the same problem.
Jammed--? By who? Whom by?
Still no confirmation either from SAC or Strategic Space Command.  They report all surveillance satellite communication jammed.
What's happening with my call to SAC?
No sir.  I think the flint...
Buckaroo come in...over.  How does this damn thing work?  Can anybody figure this lighter out?
Better than him.
Perfect Tommy's just threatened by smart women.  Can you play that thing?
What's his problem?
Course he's alive.  He's Buckaroo Banzai.
Where's Buckaroo?  Is he alive?
Government work.  Had my own think tank.  Got tired of thinking-wanted some action.  Seen plenty of it too.  So will you if you stick around.
What'd you do before?  Can I ask?
Nigh on ten years.  Been through a lotta scrapes together.
How long you been riding with Buckaroo Reno?
Asshole probably got lost.
We're waiting for the Jet Car.  Billy's bringing it.
No!  Ditto the professor-
Any sign of Buckaroo?
Cause Buckaroo needs me here.
Reno how's about you take New Jersey's gear mosey on over to the bus and introduce him to the rest of the hands.
Where do you hail from Doc?
The name's Reno.  This here's Perfect Tommy.
Hey so was Mr. Wizard.
You're thinking of Mr. Wizard.  This guy's an eccentric genius.
Doctor Lizardo. Wasn't he on TV once?
It's Peggy to these eyes.  Same nose same hair.  Plus Buckaroo thinks so too or else he wouldn't be ready to go make a fool of himself right?
Hell they don't. I met my first wife that way.
Pictures don't lie.
Doesn't look anything like her to me.
It's a spittin' image.
I didn't drop 'em.
Pick those up Reno.
Better see what's keepin' the boss Reno.
She's just a damn road hugger Allison.  Plus the man can drive.
Now twenty seconds downrange...Perfect Tommy how on earth is Buckaroo able to keep that thing on the ground?
Bet you say that to all the girls Perfect Tommy.
That's why I wear a fifty dollar hat.  Was a two hundred dollar hat I hadda kill you.
Flying to Cambodia.
Unscheduled surgery.  He'll be waltzing along momentarily.  What're you doing tonight?
Whadda you need Buckaroo for?
So where's Buckaroo?
The boys need help.
In spirit only I'm afraid.
Uncle Alfred?
It is the hearts of two good men whom I have had the honor of calling son.  Take it child.  But I implore you never open it.  You look so like your mother.
What is it?
Find my brother Wilfred.  Give him This.  I have duties he must fulfill in my stead.  Only family can be trusted.
I have been part of the greatest adventure ever know.  I have found purpose here and the family I could never have.
I came to give you your freedom a chance to live the life you choose. The same gift you gave me.
Too late for what dear child?
I'm sorry.  I was too late.
As I've missed you.  Sleep well child.
It's good to see you again Uncle. I've missed you.
I have been trying to reach Wilfred with no success.  As one grows older one yearns for family.
I guess they don't have fax machines on elephants.
You came to tuck me in.  That's quite a switch.  I am looking for my brother Wilfred. He is first butler to the Maharajah of Mirajanpore.  But Mirajanpore is a floating court it travels across India so Wilfred can be rather difficult to find.
I'm sorry Uncle I came to tuck you in.  And...
Oh no those things frighten me.
You certainly will not.
Eventually she married a young physician.
Uncle Alfred left for America.  Much to my mother's dismay -
Joanna and I were in love in London. But when I realized our age difference was too extreme -
Ten years.  Barbara isn't really me niece sir. She's Joanna Clark's daughter.
How long has it been Uncle Alfred?
Rather disappointed at how poorly I taught you proper housekeeping.  And quite well it seems.  Thanks to you son.  Thanks to you all.
Alfred are you...?
It appears sir that someone has stolen the batsignal.
What is it?
Passion.  Of course.  Find the photo of Ivy after the flower ball.
Glandular secretions from animals. Scents that create powerful emotions.  Fear.  Rage...
Pheromones?
Advanced botany.  DNA splicing. Recombinant animal plant patterns. Pheromone extractions.
Coming on line now sir.
Pamela Isley.  I was so attracted to her I couldn't reason clearly.  I still can't.  She used to work for Wayne Enterprises.  Find a file.
Specify please.
First Ivy had an intoxicating effect on both Dick and me.  Tonight my feelings spread to someone else.
That sir does not compute.
What seems to be the problem?
It's good to see you.
Right here sir.
Alfred old friend I could use your help right now.
Remember this.  And remember it always.  I'm proud of you.  And I love you too son.
I love you old man.
Everyone dies Master Bruce.  There's no defeat in that.  Victory comes in fighting for what we know is right while we still live.
I've spent my whole life trying to beat back death.  What good are all my heroics now if I can't save you?
Alfred if I've never told you...I just want to say...
Not all heroes wear masks.
Attending to heroes?  No sir.  My Only regret is that I was never able to be out there with you.
Have you ever regretted your life working here Alfred?
I've seen the best doctors--! A gentleman does not discuss his health.  It's not civilized.  I hope I've taught you at least that much young man.
Alfred I know you're sick -- I can get you the best doctors.
I am as well as can be expected.
No my boy.  I'm afraid none of us can.
But I can't can I?
Why yes actually.  Death and chance stole your parents.  But rather than become a victim you have done everything in your power to control the fates.  For what is Batman if not an effort to master the chaos that sweeps our world an attempt to control death itself.
Alfred am I pigheaded?  Is it always my way or the highway?
Is there something wrong sir?
Congratulations on your apprehension of Mr. Freeze.  Batman monopolized the evening news.
Don't be silly Alfred. After all she's family.
Oh but sir.  So much goes on-
There's a lovely inn just down --
Well I hope you'll stay with us.
Secrets are a virtual prerequisite in this house don't you think?
No apology necessary.  That's the first time in thirty years.
I must have dozed off.  My sincerest apologies sir.
Despite all your talents you are still a novice in the ways of family. Dick follows the same ends as you but gets there by his own course.  You must learn to trust him.  For that is the nature of family.
Don't tell me you're on his side. Again.
Perhaps the truth is you don't really trust anyone.
He's over-eager impulsive.  I can't trust him not to get hurt.
You are going back to school.
Hey I'm the one who kicked Ivy's botanical butt.  Personally.  Me.  I did.
Sometimes counting on someone else is the only way to win.
I recognized the accent.
Their new computer sciences division.  How did you know?
Oxbridge Academy?
I'm on break from-
Happy.  You honestly don't know do you? You can't even see what's in front of your own eyes.
Alfred's happy here.
Paying someone to prepare your meals and do your laundry and clean your dishes you call that family?
Alfred and Bruce are like family.
Servants Masters it's  ridiculous. Alfred is the sweetest most noble man alive and he's subjugated all his life and dreams to someone else.
What are you talking about?
Alfred has supported me my whole life.  Now I'm going to pay him back. I'm going to liberate him from his dismal life of servitude.
Just don't tell me you're hoping to run away and join the circus.
Street racing isn't exactly an acceptable major at Oxbridge.  They kicked me out.  it doesn't matter. I've won enough money to do what I've always dreamed.
You'd be surprised.
I started racing after my parents died.  There was something about the speed the danger that took me out of myself that made the hurt go away.  You wouldn't understand.
I guess the truth is I'm just not comfortable with the idle rich.  Even when they try to act like heroes.
Hey what's your problem?
Of course Dick Grayson ward of the fabulously wealthy Bruce Wayne. Why would you need a few hundred dollars?
This is to replace the bike I lost. I'll get you the rest.
Whatever you say lady.  It's all in a day's work for me.
I could have made it you know.  I didn't need your help.
My parents were killed in an auto accident ten years ago.  Alfred has been supporting me ever since.
Al's main squeeze.  Is she here?  I'm about to scrape the bottom of my shoe off my tongue right?
I'm so sorry to trouble you but-
Please be looking for me.
Those targeting mirrors are frozen. The sun beam won't work.
Damn?  Damn is not good.
It'll take the satellites about a minute to re-align but...damn!
I don't know.  It just feels right.
What exactly are you doing?
Pow!  What!  Kazow!
Be ready for anything.
I'm afraid to ask.
Crimefighter's rule number two.
Crimefighter's rule number one: never say that.
This is easy.
Batgirl Baatgirl Baatgirl.
Youwsa!  Nothing but air.
Divide and conquer.
Alpha.  Got it.  What the hell is attack plan Alpha?
I didn't kill your wife.
Go on kill me too.  Just as you killed my wife.
I think not.  There'll be no hot time in this old town tonight.  You'll get a charge out of this.
You're loosing your cool
We have eleven minutes to stop Freeze And thaw the city.
Mr. Bane I'll finish off the city. You as they say in showbiz are on.  Take the boys and kill the kids. But bring me the Bat.
Freeze you're mad.  This capsule will slaughter thousands.
After you have frozen your icy tomb will plummet back to Gotham.
I hate being lectured.
You were a great scientist once. Don't squander your genius on evil.
Don't make me kill you in front of the girl.
Winded old timer?
From the other side of the equator-
If we could relay the sunlight-
Maybe he melted.
No sign of the snowman.
Kill her later.  We've got work to do.
I guess we'll just have to kill her.
She knows who we are.
We gotta get those locks changed.
A poison kiss?  You have some real issues with women you know that?  You just couldn't stand that she was about to kiss me.  Couldn't stand that something might be mine and not yours.  Could you?!
Why is she so desperate to kiss us? I'm betting her lips are poison.
What are you talking about?
Remember the victim at the airport. Toxins introduced through the mouth.
Just the beast.
No beauty...
No.  Her case is too advanced.  But maybe someday with more research-
Can he save her?
She's still alive.  He's adapted his freezing technology to reverse McGregor's Syndrome.  He's even found a cure for the early stages of the disease.
Open Sesame...Chicken.
How did you...?
Definitely.
Me too.  Great stems though.
I'm totally over her.  Positively.
Bad yes.  Guy no.  This is one majorly beautiful evil person.
I can't believe we were fighting over a  bad guy.
I know.  The feeling just vanished.
She's definitely part of this.  It's weird for a while Ivy was all I could think about.  But then...
I can make it.
Pull back.  You can't make the jump.
I'll borrow it from you.  Four million - -
You don't have two million.  Three million - -
He'll be here.
You think Freeze will take the bait?
Watch the first step.
How about nice to see you?  Glad you're here to save my life.
I thought you were going to stay in the museum and round up the thugs.
I was just hanging around.
No Robin.  He's going to jail.
Of course.  He's going to steal the giant white diamond.
The new antiquities exhibit.  The Second Sun of the Sudan.
The batcomputer tracks him heading for the Gotham Museum.
Mr. Freeze.
... A giant drilling truck burrowing under the city ...
It's the gear.  Chicks love the gear.
This is all about fashion for you isn't it?
Nightwing.  Scourge of darkest evil.
Nice suit.  And today you are?
Maybe your witless playboy persona works on every bimbo du jour but I am not the least bit titillated by your attentions.  So back off or I'll have you in court quicker than you can spell sexual harassment.  Got me?
I can't.  But perhaps tonight over dinner...I've just had an opening.
Physical perfection charm and wealth tossed over for a dowdy spinster. How do you explain your behavior?
Although the Wayne Foundation is hosting the event sadly I will be unable to attend.  Thank you all.  Good day Doctor.
Tell me billionaire would you warm faster to my pleas if I looked more like Ms. January here?
People come first Dr. Isley.
Acceptable losses in a battle to save the planet.
Your intentions are noble but no diesel fuel for heat.  No coolants to preserve food.  Millions would die of cold and hunger alone.
Forget the stars.  Look here at the Earth our mother our womb.  She deserves our loyalty and protection. And yet you spoil her lands poison her oceans blacken her skies. You're killing her.
I have here a proposal showing how Wayne Enterprises can immediately cease all actions that toxify our environment.
That lab was consumed by fire last week.  how did you manage to escape?
I see you knew him.
We cut our support.  A conflict of ideologies.  Dr. Woodrue was a lunatic.
Actually I already work for you. Or did.  Your arboreal preservation project in South America.
What can I do for you Doctor?  A research grant?  A hospital wing?
Dr. Pamela Isley.
They're overly protective.  You're Not going to hurt me are you Ms...
You were right.  I get it.  You're not the marrying kind.  You've made your point.  Goodbye Bruce Wayne.
Well...um...her.
Make a choice Bruce.  Her or me.
Bruce?  What are you doing?
Dr. Isley.  it was like I could feel you in the room.  You're...enchanting. Gorgeous.  The most beautiful woman I've ever seen.  If you're..um... free...this evening.
I wish I knew.
You just called me Ivy.  Who's Ivy?
I'm betting on you.  You'll make someone a good husband one day. But I can't wait around forever. Don't answer now.  Just think it over.  Here's some food for thought.
I wouldn't bet on that.
But there's nothing you've done under the cover of darkness I couldn't learn to understand.
Wild doesn't exactly cover it.
I know you're a dedicated bachelor. That you've had a your wild nights.
Julie I'm not the marrying kind. There are things about me you wouldn't understand.
We've been going out over a year now and...Okay here goes.  Bruce I want to spend my life with you.
What?  I'm sorry.  You were saying...
You're not even listening to me.
Can I get some help over here?
But soon...
Umm.  What I mean is...no plans at the moment...
I knew you could handle it.
One question.  When Batgirl and I rolled off the telescope how come you didn't try and save us? It was the first time I fell and you weren't there to catch me.
You once said to me that being part of a team means trusting your partner.  That sometimes counting on someone else is the only way to win.  DO you remember?
You'd say anything to keep me away from her.  To keep her for yourself.
She wants to kill you.
Is that it Bruce?  I'm under some magic spell?
She's infected us with some kind of pheromone extract-
And she did it all for me.  For love.
Her name is Pamela Isley.  I saw her talking to Gordon.  She must have stolen his keys altered the signal-
That's no batlight it's a birdcall.
Oh but I am.  For the first time in a long time.  I'm through living in your shadow.  All that ends right now.
She's clouded your mind.  You're not thinking straight.
Hail the all-knowing Bruce Wayne. Here's what I know she loves me Not you and it's driving you crazy. It's why you stopped us from kissing. Because if you can't have her nobody can.
Yes!  Yes I want her so badly I can taste it.  That's the whole point. Look at us.  Orphans.  Isolated. Obsessed to the exclusion of life love family.  We're perfect targets. She's done something to us got us fighting over her somehow.
Or what?  No one can capture Ivy but the big bad Bat.  Crap!  You just want her for yourself.  Don't you?  Answer me damn it!
Dick don't push me right now.
Like hell you do.
I'm late for the dedication.  Then I go after Freeze and Ivy.  Alone.
I checked the medical database.  No one else is even close.
Yes.  But Alfred's condition is less severe.  Freeze's research says he cured a case like Alfred's.  It just doesn't say how.
McGregor's Syndrome.  That's what Freeze's wife had.
I'm scared Dick.  Maybe for the first time in my life.  I'm really scared.
Talk to him Bruce.  There's nothing worse than losing someone without telling them how you feel.
You know Alfred.  He'd never say Anything.  But I can tell.  Until you came along Alfred was the only family I ever had.  Without him I don't know how I would have survived.  He saved my life Dick.  And I've never told him.
But he's never said a word-
He's dying.  And I can't deal with it.
Anybody want to tell us kids in the cheap seats who Joanna Clark is?
Of course.  Alfred still keeps your mother's picture in his room.
You left your back wide open.  Freeze could have killed you.
I got the diamond.  Quell problemo Bruce?
I'm fine.  See.  Me.  here.  Alive. How are we gonna work together if you're never going to trust me?
Dick you were reckless.  You could have been killed.
Whoa I made a mistake.  I'm sorry. Don't go all protective on me.  It won't happen again.
Absolutely.  Just as soon as you take ten hours training in the simulator.
We gonna trap ourselves a snowman?
I need the Wayne Diamonds.
Let me get this straight. A brilliant citizen disfigured by a horrible accident re-emerges as a psychotic super-villain bent on theft revenge and destruction. You see a pattern here?
He needs extreme cold to survive. His cryo-suit uses diamond enhanced lasers to keep him at zero degrees.
Presumed dead.  No one knows.
What happened to his wife?
Somehow he survived.  But the cryoslution mutated his body.
That's gotta hurt.
Prepare for a bitter harvest. Winter has come at last.
I'm hungry.  I think I'll have poultry.
Inspired Ms. Ivy.
The way to a boy's heart is through his ego.  What strapping young hero could resist his very own...signal?
One kiss and you could lift the mask from his lifeless face.  Their secret identities would be revealed.  But how best to bait a brid?
As a team the duncely duo protect each other.  But the Robin is young. Impetuous.  If I could get him alone-
That is far too merciful.  Batman will watch his beloved Gotham perish then I will kill him.
Can't we just ice them along with the rest of the citizenry?
You will distract the bat and bird while I prepare to freeze Gotham.
Adam and Evil.
I have created a race of plants with the strength of the deadliest animals.  Once you have frozen mankind my mutants will overrun the globe.  The Earth will become a brave new world of only plants. And we shall rule them.  For we will be the only two people left in the world.
Just what I had in mind.  Everything dead on Earth except us.  A chance for mother nature to start again.  Plants and flowers are the oldest species on the planet yet they are defenseless against man.  Sorry hon this is for science.  Behold the dawn of a new age.
Yes.  I shall replay the world for sentencing me to a life without the warmth of human comfort.  I will blanket the city in endless winter. First Gotham and then the world.
Kill them.  Of course.  But why stop there?  Why should only Batman and Robin die while the society that created them goes unpunished?
Their bones will turn to ice.  Their blood will freeze in my hands.
There was nothing I could do.  Batman deactivated her.  She's dead.
Where is my wife?
Make yourself right at home.
OK OK.  Ms. Ivy to the rescue.  Now where do I find your brittle bride?
You will rescue my wife
Hold it.  You never said anything about a wife frozen or otherwise-
Fine.  While I retrieve my diamonds you and meatloaf will bring my wife to your lair.  She's frozen in -
Trust me.  Vegetable magnetism.
You leave Batman and Robin to me.
In my weakened state I am no match for the bat and the bird.
You are looking unseasonably hot. Let's go inside and grab your rocks.
My reserves are exhausted.  I must have the gems that power my suit.
Dear daisy don't despair.
I wonder if I can get a cell with a view of the gardens?
No gun.  How disarming.
I always go a size smaller.  Makes me look slimmer.
I love that belt.  What are you about a fifty Big and Tall?
Let's cool it for now.  There's someone I want you to meet.
An enticing offer.  But what does the lady want in return?
Well I my most unabominable snowman have been impressed by you. In fact I propose a pairing.  So I'm here to set you free.
I'd love to stand here all day and exchange fashion tips but I'm kind of pressed for time.  So hand over the diamond Garden Gal or I turn you into mulch.
Listen Captain Cold the suit maybe even though silver went out in the 70's.  But those boots are unforgivable. What is it with men?
Let me guess Plant Girl? Vine Lady? Ms. Moss?
Hop away little bunny.  Before I cool your jets.  Permanently.
Forget your frosty femme.  These lips are wet and ready to get frostbite.
You're skating on thin ice.  My passion thaws for my bride alone.
What say we turn up the heat?
To be frozen.  To never change.  A life of perpetual ice-olation. There is little perfection in that.
Okay my hair is brittle my skin is dry and I don't care.  I'd weather blizzards to have you. You're the most perfect man I've ever known.
I find that unlikely.
Freezy I'm feeling...hot.
Sorry to disappoint you.  But rubber lips are immune to your charms.
You're too late.  Say bye-bye birdie.
Love you?  I loathe your bipedal arrogance your animal superiority. My only joy is knowing that even now my poison kiss is sucking the life from your ape-like face.
Then you never loved me?
You should have heeded your pointy- eared pal.  These lips can be murder.
What do you mean?
Bad luck I'm afraid.  It's time to die little bird.
One kiss my love.  For luck.
I've got to stop him.
Freeze has turned the new telescope into a freezing gun.  He's about to turn Gotham into an ice cube.
Tell me and I'll kiss you.
Kiss me and I'll tell you.
Of trust. Tell me your plan.
How about dangerous curves?
I want us to be together.  But I need to know you're serious about turning over a new leaf.  I need a sign.
I'm glad you came.  I can't breathe without you.
At you?  Polly want a kiss?
Give it up.  If you threw yourself-
Hello Jason.  I think I've had a change of heart.
Dr. Isley?  Pamela?  You look great. Especially for a dead woman.
Well I can respect your opinion.
Join you?  I've spent my life trying to protect plants from extinction and now you corrupt my research into some maniacal scheme for world domination. When I get through you won't be able to get a job teaching high school chemistry do you hear me you psycho?
Without your research I could never have come this far.  Join me.  The two of us entwined side by side...
...Our original sponsor had no stomach for military applications. he cut the funding for our work -
You must show me your secrets blossom before I show you mine.
You have to tell me what you're doing with my Venom.
What exactly are you working on in there?  What are those screams?
What do we have here?  A lovely new supply of Venom.  I'll just take this to my laboratory for further study.
What have you done to my flat?
... And then some.
I fixed it myself.
...your ducts?
I haven't got an emergency. Get out of here.
...ergency procedures.
...Be back.
Uh - what? - I ...
...ervices.
... get to it.
Sign the form so we can get to it.
... new washer.
I think you've got your T41 crystal inductor wired up to a reverse bobbin- threaded-solenoid-control. It's either that or a new washer.
... yer ducts.
This is what you get when you have cowboys round yer ducts.
... ere please.
Sign here please.
...sod you stupid twit.
You're putting your talents to very odd use Mr Lowry - yes odd use - to pit wits against Central Services -
...ven't you?
...sabotage!
Central Services don't take kindly to sabotage!
...Yer nostril?
Oh yeh? Where'd you get this from eh  out yer nostril?
...aven't you?
Tuttle! ... mumble!  You've had that scab Tuttle here haven't you?
Mumble ... Tuttle ...
Mumble ... mumble ... mumble ... Tuttle
What have you got there?
... have a look.
I think we'd better have a look.
...ampered. with it Spoor.
He's tampered with it Dowser.
... fix themselves.
Machines don't fix themselves.
...ixed itself.
...ditioning.
Trouble with your air-conditioning.
...elephoned sir.
You telephone sir.
You must save the day.
What do I have to do.
Well not exactly. But if you help us we'll help you. The Forces Of Darkness have won the day ... but tomorrow is another one
What? You mean you've got ...
Oh yes. We've got everything here. Every bit of knowledge wisdom learning ... every experience every thought neatly filed away.
We know that too. You've come to the right place.
Then perhaps you can help me. I've lost someone who ...
We know everything here. This is the Storeroom of Knowledge.
What? How do you know my name?
Ah ha ... there you are Sam.
Do you mind if I use your bathroom?
Yes it was ... very nice ... thank you.
Yes I know. It's the backlog everybody complains. Was it all right otherwise?
Aren't you a bit late? - the party started half an hour ago.
Oh right ...
You don't have to sing it.
Oh ...  Thank you very much mother but actually -
It's reply paid.
Er ... Thanks ...
He will be pleased when he comes home.
I'm waiting for my daddy.
Jill Layton ...  You're a very good little girl. What are you doing here?
What? ...Jill? Jill who? Jill who?
Her name is Jill.
Thank you David ... and a very merry Christmas to you all.
Thank you very much Deputy Minister.
Beginner's luck.
But the bombing campaign is now in its thirteenth year ...
On yes. Our morale is much higher than theirs we're fielding all their strokes running a lot of them out and pretty consistently knocking them for six. I'd say they're nearly out of the game.
Do you think that the government is winning the battle against terrorists?
I understand this concern on behalf of the tax-payers. People want value for money and a cost-effective service.
And the cost of it all Deputy Minister? Seven percent of the gross national produce ...
David ... in a free society information is the name of the game. You can't win the game if you're a man short.
Mr. HELPMANN what would you say to those critics who maintain that the Ministry Of Information has become too large and unwieldy ...?
- In fact killing people - they'd get a lot more out of life.
In fact killing people -
Bad sportsmanship. A ruthless minority of people seems to have forgotten certain good old fashioned virtues. They just can't stand seeing the other fellow win. If these people would just play the game instead of standing on the touch line heckling -
Deputy minister what do you believe is behind this recent increase in terrorist bombings?
No no ... I did that...
Yes it's all a bit confusing but it seems she was killed resisting arrest.
Sam I think I ought to tell you ... I'm afraid she's upped stumps and retired to the pavilion.
Please I've got to find Jill.
Sam if you've been going out there and playing a straight bat all the way down the line you've got absolutely nothing to worry about.
I'm not a terrorist! You must know that! I'm not guilty! Get me out of here!
Yes well from the Department's point of view you're certainly a bit of an own goal but ...
This is all a mistake! Don't you understand?!
I assure you Sam I'm doing everything within my power. But the rules of the game are laid down and we all have to play by them - even me.
I understand Sam I know exactly how you feel. So I brought you a bottle of barley water.
Yes you've got to get me out of here. I've got to find her.
Gillian Layton?
Where's Jill? What have you done to her? Where is she?!
Sam what are we going to do with you? Can you hear me Sam?
Well ... well I ...
Too late? That's for me to say.
Mr Helpmann. I've changed my mind. I'd like to accept the transfer - am I too late?
I know he would have wanted me to help you ... And I promised your mother I'd take you onto the team at information Retrieval. But I gather that ...
Your father and I were very close. Of course Jeremiah was senior to me but we were close friends ... especially after the bombing  and I  keep his name alive at the office every day.
If I can help you ...
That's all right Mr Helpmann. Glad to help.
Thanks very much Sam.
Shut up! This is a professional relationship!
How do you think I feel? You shit!
Help me Jack! I'm frightened!
How could you do this to me?
You stupid bastard!
This is all a mistake. Jack please take that mask off.
Jack I'm innocent! Help me.
Jack?... Jack?
Well could you stay away from me until this thing blows over.
Yes we have Jack!
Sam - we've always been close haven't we?
Jack she's innocent!
There are no coincidences Sam. Everything's connected all along the line. Cause and effect. That's the beauty of it. Our job is to trace the connections and reveal them.  This whole Buttle/Tuttle confusion was obviously planned from the inside. Bye bye.
It could all be coincidental.
I do. Goodbye. 
You don't really think Tuttle and the girl are in league?
Tell that to the wives of the Security men she blew up this afternoon. Listen we've also had a report just in from Central Services that Tuttle has wrecked an entire flat and sabotaged adjacent Central Services systems - as a matter of fact in your block. I'd keep my eyes open if I were you Sam. Bye.
She's innocent Jack --- she's done nothing wrong.
I'm sorry Sam I'm afraid this whole case has become much more complicated since last we talked.
Come off it Jack! Of course you can check to see if she's been arrested.
Sam ... we're proud to have you at Information Retrieval. Merry Xmas. 
Do you know what you're doing.
Thanks Jack. I'll be in touch.
Er ... alright. For Christ's sake don't lose it. Here you'd better sign for it.
Well I'd better get out there and try to get to her before security does. Let me borrow her dossier for a while.
We don't make mistakes.
Say it was a mistake.
There's no procedure for that until she's been arrested.
Take her off the list.
But I've already put her on the search and detain list.
They weren't at school with us.
Right! Just between as and the Security Forces.
Then we'd better keep this business just between the two of us.
You're the only person I can trust.
And you're mine.
Of course. We went to school together. You're my oldest friend.
Trust me. You do trust me don't you?
What does that mean? I don't want to be involved in anything unsavoury.
Let me try to get to her. I'll deactivate her.
Well I ... Good point. What do you suggest?
You mean you're going to invite her in so that she can spill the beans inside the department?
Get her out of circulation - I've put her on the detention list.
So what are you going to do about her?
Kindness? What's the purpose behind this line of enquiry?
Out of kindness.
{baffled) I don't follow you.
Why? Hell not for any reason ...
Look about the Layton woman - maybe she's just trying to help the Buttle family.
Barbara's a perfectly good name isn't it?
Right. Er you're not going to keep calling her Barbara are you?
Look after that suit eh. Barbara chose it for me.
But surely I mean perhaps she just happened to live above the Buttles and ...
A terrorist?
She witnessed the Tuttle arrest - the Buttle arrest - and since then she's been making wild allegations obviously trying to exploit the situation - she's working for somebody and she's not working for us.
Tell me about Layton.
Yes. I'm impressed.
Er ... but I would've found out anyway.
Very smart.
You didn't know as much about this business as you pretended to did you?
What's she done?
He's a compulsive heating engineer. A maverick ex-Central Service repair man with a grudge against society. Now fortunately we're nearly out of the wood I think. At least we will be when I get this Layton woman under arrest.
He's a freelance subversive?
We suspect him of freelance subversion.
What has Tuttle done?
What I've got to do now is pick up Tuttle interrogate him at the same voltage as Buttle to the same meter reading to the last penny and juggle the books in electrical banking.
So how ...?
There are some real bastards in this department who don't mind breaking a few eggs to make an omelette but thank God there are the new boys like me who want to maintain decent civilized standards of terrorist eradication. We've got the upper hand for the moment but they're waiting for us to slip up and a little slip- up like this is just the chance they're looking for.
I'm sure you have
Sam there are very rigid parameters laid down to avoid that event but Buttle's heart condition did not appear on Tuttle's file. Don't think I'm dismissing this business Sam. I've lost a week's sleep over it already.
You killed him?
I did not get the wrong man. I got the right man. The wrong man was delivered to me as the right man! I accepted him on trust as the right man. Was I wrong? Anyway to add to the confusion he died on us. Which had he been the right man he wouldn't have done.
You got the wrong man.
Well your A. Buttle has been confused with T47/215 an A. Tuttle. I mean it's a joke! Somebody should be shot for that. So B58/732 was pulled in by mistake.
No no I don't. I'm just beginning Honestly. Sorry carry on.
Christ! You do know it all!
B58/732 that's A. Buttle isn't it?
OK. OK. Let's not fence around ... This is the situation. Some idiot somewhere in the building some insect confused two of our clients B58/732 and T47/215.
Not really no.
Enough though eh?
How much do you know?
How do you mean?
Please Sam we're going to have to be open to each other on this one. If you make a reputation with this case it'll be at my expense.
You clever bastard! I might have guessed. You only moved in today and you're already hot on the bloody trail.
What is it?
Layton! Oh shit!
I've got numbers all over these - I'm not sure which is the one you want.
OK. Come back this afternoon about four o'clock. If you give me the number of the case I'll have the dossier here waiting.  My tailor... well worth the investment.
I don't want to take up your time now but I was hoping you could give me some information on somebody. It's a security level three matter and Information Retrieval records says to refer to you.
Terrific. I'm really glad you dropped by. Unfortunately I don't have any time right now I've got a queue of customers to deal with - er why don't we have a drink tonight?
Yes thanks.
For my sins. Are you settling in alright?
Thanks. Are you officer 412/L?
Sorry about that ... Mr Helpmann told me you were coming aboard - congratulations!
Are you officer 412/L?
SAM! What a surprise!
Mr Helpmann!
Quite absolutely - I always thought they were false.
Dr. Jaffe has pinned her ears back.
What? - Oh yes - vividly. I used to wonder if they were real.
Remember how they used to stick out?
Er I knew you looked different.
{winking at Sam) She doesn't like me telling anyone but she's pleased as anything really.
You remember Alison?
Hello Jack!
Really? - God how time flies!
Yes I know fantastic marvellous wonderful - remember me to Alison - and the - er - twins.
Sam your life is going wrong - let your friends tell you - Records is a dead end department no Security Level worth a damn it's impossible to get noticed -
Even later.
You are late.
Sorry. Nothing.  See you - I'm going to be late.
What's the matter?
Me? - if I'm worried about anyone it's you. What happened to you Sam? You were the brightest of us -
You sound worried.
Problem? - No problem - yes everything's going fantastically well wonderful marvelous great career prospects Alison in great shape kids fine beautiful home I'm on Security Level Five now and Mr Helpmann relies on me more and more yes couldn't be better I feel terrifically motivated and job- rewarded -
Well since you disappeared up the ladder of Information Retrieval ... I don't expect to see you slumming in Records - what's the problem?
Long time no see!
Well don't. You're looking at twenty pounds of high explosive! And if you don't stamp this form I'm going to blow the place up!
I bet you'd like to touch them?
You think these are tits don't you?
If you say so.
You're a stupid fat arsed obstructive fascist moron aren't you?
You've just said yourself Miss we've already stamped it. Why should we stamp it twice?
But you've stamped this form before! Why won't you stamp it now?
Information Adjustments.
Where do I get it stamped?
No there's no stamp on it. You see! I can't give you the form until it's stamped.
Is it stamped?
Have you got an Arrest Receipt?
I've been to Information Adjustments. They sent me here. They told me you had a form I had to fill in.
You want Information Adjustments. Different department.
I want to report a wrongful arrest.
You don't exist any more. I've killed you. Jill Layton is dead.
What do you think? ... is it me?
Thanks for the vote of confidence.
Don't do anything silly.
I'm going to pull some strings. It's our only hope.
Where are you going?
Make yourself at home. Don't answer the phone or open he door to anyone. I won't be long.
C'mon. We've got to get out of here.
Don't you like parties?
Are you sure?
They're gone.
No. No. I'm fine. I was worried sick about you ... I thought ...
Your face ... are you hurt?
What happened to you after ...
Jill! What are you do ... I mean ... how did you ... Are you alright?
No you're not!
I'm going to open it!
Oh ... Jesus!
........... It's a bomb isn't it?
I saved you from the lorry and you're not very special.
I vas just trying to help. I decided to trust you. Maybe I was wrong. Whose side are you on really? Who are your friends? Who was the man who gave you the parcel? What's in it? It's the only thing you saved from the lorry .... It must he something very special.
You mean you were meant to hijack my truck make me crash it and have every security man in town looking for me?
You've got to trust me. It sounds silly but I know we were meant to meet.
Leave me alone!
There are plenty of other safe places. Why don't we go back to my flat?
Please Jill ... I love you.
Are you still following me?
This is a hell of a time to buy a nightie.
Yes.  Come out I know you're in there
Shit! The house is on fire!
It wasn't supposed to happen like this.
We? Don't blame me!
Oh God! What have we done?
Come on let's go! Let's get out of here!
Sam ... we can't outrace them. You'll kill us!
Now you're the one that's out of your mind.
Let go! We've got to stop!
I was right! Step on it!
Stop it ... damn you!
Will you please turn back.
Cut it out Sam.
Yes ... but this is real. Now stop! 
I thought you arrested me.
No. Please. They're going to arrest you.
You're joking.
They'll be there waiting.
Turn around!
Well almost ... unfortunately I do have to punch in by 5.00 every day.
What? I thought you were free to come and go as you please.
Look at that - right on time.
Actual. terrorists? Well ... it's only my first day.
How many terrorists have you met? Actual terrorists?
Well terrorists of course.
Who is this war against Sam?
Well all wars do -
Say all wars have innocent victims.
Well no system is.
Why don't you say no system is perfect.
They couldn't be worse for the Buttles.
Things would be worse without Information Retrieval.
We've got both.
What do you mean? Would you rather have terrorists?
Don't you know the sort of thing that Information Retrieval does?
I mean it doesn't suit you.
Looking for you.
What are you doing in Information Retrieval?
A heavy Christmas present.
It's heavy.
What parcel?
OK. What's in the parcel?
What does it look like ... I'm collecting empties.
What's going on here?
Where are you taking me?
It does doesn't it?
Ah ... Er ... It looks as if you're taking me.
Where are you taking me?
Where are you taking me?
It had a hole in the floor. Where are we going?
I didn't like it.
I didn't run away. I left the flat.
Yes. Ceiling. Why did you run away?
I know you. I saw you through the floor didn't I?
Yes of course. Sorry.
It's my fucking life.
You know smoking's bad for you.
I don't know.  Hey that's not a very nice thing to say.
Why are they all pigs at Information Retrieval?
Oh. But ... Look I'm sorry I shouted at you.
I don't want to hear about your fucking dreams!
... This is amazing ... for me ... being here with you. I mean in my dreams you ...
Don't litter my cab!
Us. Them. I don't know ... just get going.
Alright! Alright! Alright! I'm Information Retrieval Officer -  DZ/015 and I'm arresting you for - your own good! Now start up and get moving before I hand you back to them! 
Bloody hell! Do as I say!
Who are you?
What are you doing? For Christ's sake! Get moving!
Ow! That hurt!
How can I act naturally when you've trying to break my arm?
Don't look back! Act naturally!
Who are you? Let go!
Mrs Buttle are you alright?
It's you ... it's you ...
Are you alright?
Yes ... No ... I don't know.
It's what you wanted isn't it?
What! Shit!
I did it for you.
I never signed the form.
Yes.  NO! You can't! You've only just turned it down! 
I've go to accept that promotion to get behind this haven't I?
All enquiries to Information Retrieval. Which is hopeless of course. They never tell you anything. But come the time they want something from us ...
I know that.
All information on 3rd Level Suspects is classified.
You don't happen to know how I can get around an IRQ/3 do you?
What's the matter?
Damn! Blast!
Can I forget it?
I delivered it.
Is it all right about Mrs Buttle's cheque?
Don't mention it. See you later.
You are good to me Sam.
Oh God! I think I've broken a bone. What a pathetic thing I am.
Here we are. Pink and blue receipts. All you've got to do is sign these and the back of the cheque.
Of course of course. Leave it to me. How do I authorize a cheque?
Call the motor pool and authorise personal transport.
Here. What do I do next?
Drive out to Mrs Buttle give her the cheque tell her to sign her name on the back cash it at the corner sweet shop.
You'd never get away with it. Besides you can't do that to somebody's refund. It's Christmas. There is one more option.
Well that's it! I may as well go and hang myself! This sort of thing couldn't have happened before the stupid seventh tier reorganization! That was Simmons doing! And he and Jeffries always sit together at lunch! The bastards!  Ow!  Perhaps we can lose it ... behind the filing cabinet ... or destroy it ... burn it ... eat it ...
Problem. She doesn't have a bank account.
27156789/074328/K.
There we go. Mrs. Veronica Buttle. What's the number on the cheque?
Next of kin!
Try next of kin.
Dead! Oh no! That's terrible! We'll never get rid of the damned thing! What are we going to do?
He is dead.
I've tried that! Population Census have got him down as dormanted the Central Collective Storehouse computer has got him down as deleted and the Information Retrieval have got him down as inoperative ... Security has him down as excised. Admin have him down as completed
Send it to somebody else. Send it to Buttle. It's his cheque.
We've got to get rid of it! There's been a balls-up somewhere and when the music stops they'll jump on whoever's holding the cheque!
I've never seen a Ministry cheque before.
I mean Buttle! It's been confusion from the word go! He's been wrongly charged for Electromemorytherapy and someone somewhere is trying to make us carry the can!
The refund for Tuttle!
What a BITCH!
It's your mother isn't it? Pulling strings again.
You've been promoted.
Would you really Sam?
I've told you before. I'd turn it down.
But if they did promote you
Don't worry.
What a relief! I don't know what I'd do if you ever got promoted.
Expediting has put in for electrical procedures in respect of Buttle Archibald shoe repair operative but Security has invoiced Admin for Tuttle Archibald heating engineer
Information Retrieval.
Isn't it? Whose is it?
It's not our mistake!
Oh my God a mistake!
It's not the machine. There's a mismatch on the personnel code numbers... Ah there we go! That's a B58/732 when it should be a T47/215 ... Tuttle ... he should have 31.06 debited against his account for electrical procedures not Buttle.
Perhaps the machine's on the blink! It keeps picking up old films. That can't he right can it?
Sorry a bit busy at the moment.  You seem to have quite a lot to do yourself. 
Lime I need to use your computer
Gillian Layton - Suspect S/5173. Truck driver! All enquiries reference officer 412/L - Room 5001.  That's what I wanted to know. Thank you very much.
Hey - that's my desk!
Oh - yes. Look you're putting me off standing there! Go back to your office and I'll give you a knock when I've finished.
You haven't switched it on.
Sod it it's broken!
You must be joking -  When there's a woman involved - there's no stopping me. Now let me have that sheet.
What?  Look let me use the console for a few minutes.
This is your dream girl is it?
I know her age and distinguishing marks. But I need an address or a place of work or something
A woman eh? I see.
Alright. There's someone I want to check out. A woman called Gillian Layton.
I'll tell you what .... You tell me what and I'll do it for. I'm a bit of a whizz on this thing. 
You want to take my console into your office?
I'll bring it back in ten minutes.
Ah.  Would you mind if I borrowed your computer console?
Ah yes you're the new boy from next door ha ha!  My name's Lime. Harvey Lime. Welcome to Expediting.
No you can't have any more chairs! There's only one left in here now and I need that to sit on!  Oh ... er sorry. Who are you?
There are some who go to Dr. Jaffe's clinic who never come back at all.
How long will she he away?
I won't be held responsible.
Well she's my mother not yours.
She didn't say anything about it to me.
My mother said it would be all right.
I'm sorry Alma I didn't mean to sound so ...
Numero une crevettes  la mayonaaise. 
A most perceptive choice Madam if I may say so.  Monsieur?
Oh to hell with the diet a number eight please.
We're meeting Mrs Terrain.
{suddenly unctious) Oh but of course ...
You remember Samuel my son.
I'm sorry but ...
Hello Spiro. Merry Christmas.
Not now ... please
Mother? ... What ... what's ... you've got to help me ...
Actually I've decided ...
It seems you're the first person ever to turn down a promotion. He thinks you should see a doctor.
I want to talk to him.
Yes he is - he wants to talk to you.
Is Mr Helpmann here?
Of course. Isn't it wonderful? The bandages came of this afternoon. Come and join the fun. Everybody's here.
Mother? Is that you?
Don't be childish Samuel. Of course you want something. You must have hopes wishes dreams.
I'm sorry. I don' t want dessert. I don't want promotion. I don't want anything.
Sam ... you haven't had dessert.
Actually Alma that's one of the little things I was dying to tell you ... Sam's been promoted to Information Retrieval.
By the way I saw a wonderful idea for Christmas presents at the chemists. Gift tokens. Medical gift tokens.
This isn't rare!
What were we saying?
It's something for executives.
What is it?
I hope you like it. It's very exclusive.
You're not listening mother.
Mr Helpmann was very close to your poor father. He was very close to me. Still is. He'll take you under his wing at Information Retrieval. You'll like it when you get there.
No you're not. Jack Lint is a lesson to you - he never had your brains but he's got the ambition. You haven't got the ambition but luckily you've got me. And Mr Helpmann. Mr Helpmann was very close -
I just wish you would stop interfering mother! I don't want promotion. I'm happy where I am.
He hadn't done anything ... He was good ... What have you done with his body?
What have you done with his body?
Er ... I assure you Mrs Buttle the Ministry is always very scrupulous about following up and eradicating error. If you have any complaints which you'd like to make I'd be more than happy to send you the appropriate forms.
My husband's dead isn't he?
Yes. Not my department ... I'm only records. It seems that Mr Buttle was overcharged by Information Retrieval. I don't think they usually make mistakes ... but er ... I suppose we're all human.
It's a refund ... I'm afraid there was a mistake.
Shirley and I come here regularly. I love romantic lingerie.
My complication had a complication but Dr Chapman says I'll soon be up and bouncing about like a young gazelle. Are you buying a Christmas present for your mother?
I think that'll hold it.  Hello Shirley. Just helping someone tie up a Christmas present. How are you?
Ah ... hello Mrs Terrain. SAM lets go of the parcel and pushes JILL away. She moves off.
I ... uh ...
Here we are! I'm going to leave you two lovebirds in peace.
I know I know ...!
Actually there's someone I want to meet ...
There was a slight complication. Dr. Chapman says it often happens with a delicate skin like mine. Nothing to worry about. He's promised me I'll have these bandages off in a ...
Whatever happened to you?
What? Now? It's my lunch hour.
Really Sam - when are you going to do something about these terrorists?
Numero trois steak.  Monsieur Mesdames Bon appetit.
That's all right Ida ... it's just that he's such an artist. To him cutting is so crude ... so primitive.
Numero deux duck a l'orange. 
It's too exciting. I've left Dr Jaffe and gone to Dr. Chapman.
Numero huit braised veal in wine sauce. 
Thank you Spiro. Shirley what are you going to have?
Between you and me Madam today the number two.
I can't make up my mind whether to have a number one or a number two. What do you recommend Spiro?
What? Who is this?
Put the phone down and your hands up.
Who's that? 
Hello. Mr Lowry?
Hello ... hello ...
Thank you for calling Cen -
Yes but. I've got to have a heating engineer
Thank you for calling Central Services. I am sorry due -
This is an emergency!
Thank you or calling Central Services. am sorry due to temporary staff shortage Central Services cannot take service calls centrally between 2300 and 0900 hours - have a nice day - this has not been a recording incident-
Hello - Central Services - I'm at 579B Block l9 Northwestern Section D - that's exit 1 on Green Pastures Highway at the Orange Blossom Flyover - and I've got trouble with the air- conditioning
Thank you Dawson.
I'm glad to see the Ministry's continuing its tradition of recruiting the brightest and best sir.
And you can't tell me what the proper channels are because that's classified information?
I'm afraid I can't sir. You have to go through the proper channels.
Excuse me Dawson can you put me through to Mr Helpmann's office?
No you couldn't sir. This is Information Retrieval.  the lift's arrived sir.
But I could be anybody.
No need sir
My I.D. cards.
Er don't you want to search me?
Thirtieth floor sir. You're expected.
My name is Sam Lowry. I have to report to Mr Warren.
Madam ... CUT to WOMAN turning half in flirtatious conversation. It is SAM's MOTHER but miraculously another twenty years younger and ... a parody of SAM's Dream Girl.
what? ... Oh ... 
Numero trois.
I don't know which numero.
Monsieur. Quel numero.
A steak please. Rare.  Mother I need to ...
Ah yes the lady is waiting.
It's a 27B/6 of course.
What is it?
Thermostat's gone. And then some.
For God's sake what's happened?
Why not? All you've got to do is blow yer nose and fix it haven't you?
Hang on! Wait a minute! You can't just go and leave it like this!
Who fixed your ducts?
It's a 27B/6 what did you think it was?
What is it?
Sign here please.
Emergency procedures.
What the - ? How did you - ?
We'll be back.
I'm sorry but I'm a bit of a stickler for paper work. Where would we be if we didn't follow the correct procedures?
It's all right Terry it's all right everything's all right.
But we can get one.
Not ... as such ...
Have you got one or haven't you?
Now look what you've done to him.
Fixed itself.
I mean it fixed itself.
No not at all. I mean it's all right. It's fixed.
Central Services.
On the house. You did me a favor. Check the corridor.
Thank you very much. How much will it...?
Time to go.
What do they want you or?
My friends call me Harry. Information Retrieval eh? Interesting!
Listen .. um ... I don't want to get involved in any of this. But I work at the Ministry of Information and I happen to know that Information Retrieval have been looking for an Archibald Tuttle Heating Engineer. You wouldn't by any chance be -
No. Wait here.
Are you expecting anyone?
No. But I can bypass it with one of these
Can you fix it?
Why? I came into this game for adventure - go anywhere travel light get in get out wherever there's trouble a man alone. Now they've got the whole country sectioned of and you can't move without a form. I'm the last of a breed. Ah ha! Found it!  There's your problem.
Well I suppose one has to expect a certain amount
The paperwork couldn't stand the paperwork.  Over to the left please if you don't mind sir. Hold it there. Yes there's more bits of paper in Central Services than bits of pipe - read this fill in that hand in the other - listen this old system of yours could be on fire and I couldn't even turn on the kitchen tap without filling in a 27B/6.... Bloody paperwork.
Couldn't stand the pa - ah - we're getting warm -
Sorry. wouldn't it be easier just to work for Central Services?
... but with all the new rules and regulations ... unncgh c'mon c'mon ... they can't get decent staff any more ... so ... they tend to turn a blind eye ... as long as I'm careful.  ... Mind you if ever they could prove I'd been working on their equipment ... well that's a different matter ... up a bit with the torch sir.
Well yes ... and no. Officially only Central Service operatives are supposed to touch this stuff ... Could you hold these.
Are you saying this is illegal?
A little precaution sir. I've had traps set for me before now. There are people in Central Services who'd love to get their hands on Harry Tuttle.
They're a bit overworked these days. Luckily I intercepted your call.
But ... I called Central Services.
Tuttle! Are you from Central Services?
Harry Tuttle. Heating engineer. At your service.
What is this?  Who the hell are you?
Nice and easy now. Keep your hands where I can see them.
Long time is right. I don't remember them days too horrorshow. Don't call me Dim no more either. Officer call me.
I just don't get this all. It was them that went for me brothers. You're not on their side and can't be. You can't be Dim. It was someone we fillied with back in the old days... Trying to get his own malenky bit of revenge after all this time. You remember Dim?
Been cured yeah that was read out to us. The Inspector read all that out to us. He said it was a very good way.
I've been cured.
Been punished yeah?
Come come my little droogies. I just don't get this at all. The old days are dead and gone. For what I did in the past I've been punished.
Come on Alex. Come for walkies. Hahahahaha.
Impossible... I don't believe it.
Well well well well well well well if it isn't little Alex. Long time no viddy droog. How goes? Surprised are you?
You bastards... bastards.
One minoota droogie. Dim smashes Alex in the face with a full milk bottle. He goes down. The others run away laughing.
Lets get things nice and sparkling clear. This sarcasm if I may call it such does not become you O my brothers. As I am your droog and leader I am entitled to know what goes on eh? Now then Dim what does that great big horsy gape of a grin portend?
Sorry about the pain. Using the gulliver to much like eh? Giving orders and disciplining and that perhaps eh? You sure the pain's gone? You sure you'll not be happier back up in bed.
Welly welly welly welly welly welly well. To what do I owe the extreme pleasure of this surprising visit? Georgie rises.
He are here! He have arrived! Hooray!
Doobidoob... a bit tired maybe everybody is. A long night for growing malchicks... best not to say more. Bedways is rigthways now so best we go homeways and get a bit of spatchka. Right right.
A nozh scrap any time you say. Dim weakens.
Yarbles great bolshy yarblockos to you I'll meet you with chain or nozh or britva any time not having you aiming tolchocks at me reasonless. It stands to reason I won't have it.
Watch that... Do watch that O Dim if to continue to be on live thou dost wish.
I don't like you should do what you done. And I'm not your brother no more and wouldn't want to be.
For being a bastard with no manners and not a dook of an idea how to comport yourself publicwise O my Brother.
What did you do that for?
There was some sophistos from the TV studios around the corner laughing an govoreeting. The Devotchka was smecking away and not caring about the wicked world one bit. Then the disc on the stereo twanged off and out and in the short silence before the next one came on she suddenly came with a burst of singing and it was like for a moment O my brothers some great bird had flown into the milkbar and I felt all the malenky little hairs on my plott standing endwise athe shivers crawling up like slow malenky lizards and then down again. Because I knew what she sang. It was a bit from the glorious 9th by Ludwig van. Dim makes a lip-trump followed by a dog howl followed by two fingers pronging twice in the air followed by a clowny guffaw. Alex brings his stick down smartly on Dim's legs.
Pardon me. Luce. He raises glass to breast pulls red handle between her legs. Milk spurts into glass. Dim joins the others. Alex looks at a party of tourists.
We've been working hard too. Takes glass.
Hello Lucy had a busy night? Puts money in machine.
No no my boy. No trouble at all. Alex slowly sits.
Look sir. I'm sorry to have troubled you. I think I ought to be going sir. Julian bars the way.
Julian. This will be these people now. Alex gets up.
They're very very important people and they're interested in you. Bell rings. Julian rises
Who are they sir?
Help me sir?
Yes. They want to help.
Phoned some friends sir?
And now you another victim of the modern age. But you can be helped. I phoned some friends while you were having a bath.
She was very badly raped you see. We were assaulted by a gang of vicious young hooligans in this house in this very room you're sitting in now. I was left a helpless cripple. The doctors said it was Pneumonia because it happened some months later during the 'flu epidemic. The doctors told me it was Pneumonia but I knew what it was. A victim of the modern age poor poor girl. Suddenly his mood changes. He wheels right up to Alex.
I'm sorry to hear about that sir. His face contorted in rage.
No. She's dead!
Your wife sir? Has she gone away?
... used to do everything for me and leave me to my writing.
My wife... Alex freezes.
Thank you sir.
I'm so pleased you appreciate good wine. Have another glass!
And you sir?
No my health doesn't allow it.
Won't you join me sir?
Thank you very much sir. Cheers Suddenly the thought occurs to Alex that the wine may be drugged or poisoned.
Try the wine!
Great sir. Great.
Of course. Food alright?
It was very kind of you to leave this out for me sir. There was no-one around when I finished my bath so I started. I hope that's alright sir.
Good evening.
Good evening sir.
Then by God you have been sent here by providence. Tortured in prison then thrown out to be tortured by the Police. My heart goes out to you poor poor boy. Oh you are not the first to come here in distress. The Police are fond of bringing their victims to the outskirts of this village. But it is providential that you who are also another kind of victim should come here. But you're cold and shivering. Julian draw a bath for this young man.
Yes sir that's exactly who I am sir... and what I am... a victim sir. Mr. Alexander becomes frenzied as the speech progresses.
I know who you are! Isn't it your picture in the newspapers? Didn't I see you this morning on the video? Are you not the poor victim of this horrible new technique?
The police... The horrible ghastly Police. They beat me up sir. The Police beat me up sir. Mr. Alexander stares at him. It becomes apparent he is insane.
Dear dear dear. Whatever happened to you my boy? Mr. Alexander now confined to a wheelchair pushes himself away from his desk and rolls up to Julian. The water drips off Alex's clothes. They look at each other.
Cut the shit sonny and get out of here before you get yourself in some very serious trouble. He rocks the giant phallus which has a special weight swinging inside causing it to swing up and down an eccentric motion.
You see madam I am part of an international student's contest to see who can get the most points for selling magazines.
No! No! Don't touch it. That's a very important work of art. What the bloody hell do you want?
Naughty naughty naughty you filthy old soomaka.
Now listen here you little bastard just you turn around and walk out of here the same way as you came in. Alex eyes a giant white fibreglass phallic sculpture on the table beside him.
Our brief govereet thru the letter hole was not shall we say satisfactory yes?
What the bloody hell d'you think you're doing?
Hi hi hi there at last we meet.
Very well madam. I suppose you can't be blamed for being suspicious with so many scoundrels and rouges of the night about. Alex walks away from door then ducks into the bushes where the others are hiding. They put on their maskies and follow Alex round to the rear of the house.
I... I'm very sorry but I never open. I'm very sorry but I never open the door to strangers after dark.
But missus this is an emergency. It's a matter of life and death. Me friend's lying in the middle of the road bleeding to death.
I'm frightfully sorry. There is a telephone in the Public House about a mile down the road. I suggest you use that.
Excuse me missus can you please help? There's been a terrible accident. Can I please use your telephone for an ambulance?
Yes sir. Rubinstein takes out a notebook.
Well shall we get down to it?
What would you like to know sir?
But first we'd like to find out a few things about you.
Thank you very much sir.
Well as I've said we've heard about you. We are interested in your case. We want to help you.
Fine sir fine.
Feel like talking to us. Answering a few questions?
Much better thank you sir.
Hahaha and how are you feeling now?
Yes sir. I suppose you might call it that sir.
I understand that you had a rather unfortunate encounter with the Police tonight.
Very kind of you sir. Thank you very much.
Missus. Very pleased to meet you.
How do you do sir?
So this is the young man?
Sorry Em I wanted it to be like... a big surprise for you and pee.
Why didn't you let us know what was happening son?
Hullo love how are you?  Nice to see you Dad.
Hi. Hi. Hi there my Pee and Em. All three look up startled.
Alright Mum... have a nice day at the factory.
Eeee... I'll put your breakfast in the oven. I've got to be off myself now.
I've got to rest Mum... got to get fit otherwise I'm liable to miss a lot more school.
You've not been to school all week son.
Bit of pain in the gulliver Mum. Leave us be and I'll try to sleep it off... then I'll be as right as dodgers for this after.
It's past eight Alex you don't want to be late for school son.
It will be your own torture. I hope to God it will torture you to madness.
You try to frighten me sir admit so sir. This is some new form of torture. Say it brother sir.
I've just come back from the hospital. Your victim has died.
Not true sir. It was only a slight tolchock. She was breathing I swear it.
You are now a murderer little Alex. A murderer yes.
As an unmuddied lake sir. Clear as an azure sky of deepest summer. You can rely on me sir. Deltoid drinks again but this time sees the teeth in the glass. He groans and retches.
That's just worries me. A bit too long to long to be reasonable. You're about due now by my reckoning that's why I'm warning you little Alex to keep your handsome young proboscis out of the dirt. Do I make myself clear?
Nobody's got anything on me brother sir. I've been out of the rookers of the milicents for a long time now.
What gets into you all? We study the problem. We've been studying it for damn well near a century yes but we get no further with our studies. You've got a good home here good loving parents you've got not too bad of a brain. Is it some devil that crawls inside of you?
Cut out all this clever talk about milicents. Just because the Police haven't picked you up lately doesn't as you very well know mean that you've not been up to some nastiness. There was a bit of a nastiness last night yes. Some very extreme nastiness yes. A few of a certain Billyboy's friends were ambluenced off late last night yes. Your name was mentioned the word's got thru to me by the usual channels. Certain friends of yours were named also. Oh nobody can prove anything about anybody as usual but I'm warning you little Alex being a good friend to you as always the one man in this sore and sick community who wants to save you from yourself. Deltoid makes a grab for Alex's joint but finds his hand instead. Alex laughs. Derisively and rises. Deltoid distractedly reaches for a glass of water on the night table and fails to notice a set of false teeth soaking in them. He drinks from the glass. The clink of the teeth sounding like ice-cubes.
I've been doing nothing I shouldn't sir. The millicents have nothing on me brother sir I mean. Deltoid pulls Alex down on the bed.
A big black mark I tell you for every one we don't reclaim. A confession of failure for every one of you who ends up in the stripy hole.
Because next time it's going to be the barry place and all my work ruined. If you've no respect for your horrible self you at least might have some for me who'se sweated over you. He slaps Alex on the knee.
Well yes it's just a manner of speech from your Post Corrective Advisor to you that you watch out little Alex. He puts his arm round Alex's shoulder.
Just a manner of speech sir.
Wrong? Why should you think of anything being wrong have you been doing something you shouldn't. Yes? He shakes Alex's hair.
No time no time yes. Sit sit sit. Alex sits next to him.
A cup of the old chai sir?
Oh or certainly by this evening yes? The evening's a great time isn't it Alex boy?
A rather intolerable pain in the head brother sir. I think it should be clear by this afterlunch.
Ah Alex boy awake at last yes? I met your mother on the way to work yes? She gave me the key. She said something about a pain somewhere... hence not at school  yes?
Well done Frank. Julian get the car will you please?
Um... well put it this way... I feel very low in myself. I can't see much in the future and I feel that any second something terrible is going to happen to me. He pitches forward face into the plate of spaghetti.
Do you still feel suicidal?
Um... oh no sir not exactly I still feel very miserable very much down in spirits.
Do you feel that way now?
Snuff it sir... um... death I mean missus... Er... I just want to die peacefully like with no... pain.
I beg your pardon?
That is correct sir. And then all I can think about is like trying to snuff it.
When you say this funny feeling you mean the state of mind brought on by the treatment they gave you?
That's right. Er... I can't listen to the 9th any more at all. When I hear the 9th I get like this funny feeling.
You mean Beethoven's 9th Symphony?
Oh well it's... it's not all music you see Missus. It's just the 9th.
So now you have the same reaction to music as you do to sex and violence?
And it just so happened that while they were showing me a particularly bad film of like a concentration camp the background music was playing Beethoven.
It's alright thank you.
Well er I think that was something that they hadn't planned for you see Missus I'm very fond of music and always have been especially Beethoven Ludwig van... Beethoven. B... E... E... He leans over and looks at her writing in notebook.
The newspapers mentioned that in addition to your being conditioned against acts of sex and violence you've inadvertently been conditioned against music.
Tell me more Georgie Boy.
It's this Health Farm. A bit out of the town. Isolated. It's owned by this like very rich ptitsa who lives there with her cats. The place is shut down for a week and she's completely on her own and it's full up with like gold and silver and like jewels.
Come come come Georgie Boy. You're a big strong chelloveck like us all. We're not little children are we Georgie Boy? What then didst thou in thy mind have? Confrontation. Georgie backs down.
Not tonight - not this nochy.
Oh the old moloko-plus first would you not say
Good. Real horrorshow. Initiative comes to them as waits. I've taught you much my little droogies. Now tell me what you have in mind Georgie Boy.
Brother you think and talk sometimes like a little child. Tonight we pull a mansize crast.
And what will you do with the big big money? Have you not everything you need? If you need a motor-car you pluck it from the trees. If you need pretty polly you take it.
Well we go round shop crasting and the like coming out with a pitiful rookerful of money each.
New way? What's this about a new way? There's been some very large talk behind my sleeping back and no error. Let me hear more.
All right no more picking on Dim brother. That's part of the new way.
Appy polly loggies. I had something of a pain in the gulliver so had to sleep. I was not awakened when I gave orders for awakening.
We got worried. There we were waiting and drinking away at the old knify Moloko and you had not turned up and we thought you might have been like offended by something or other so around we come to your abode.
Thank you Fred. Thank you. Minister turns and signals. Door opens and a crowd of cameramen and reporters rush in. Aides push two 6-foot loudspeakers and a Hi-Fi on a trolley.
One I think you will like... as a how shall I put it as a symbol of our new understanding. An understanding between two friends.
Good... good boy. Oh yes I understand you're fond of music. I have arranged a little surprise for you.
As an unmuddied lake Fred. As clear as an azure sky of deepest summer. You can rely on me Fred.
My name is Frederick. As I was saying Alex you can be instrumental in changing the public verdict. Do you understand Alex? Have I made myself clear?
Certainly sir. What do they call you at home?
Mmmm possibly. Yes. But public opinion has a way of changing and you Alex if I may call you Alex?
Well who can blame them sir?
We always help our friends don't we?  It is no secret that the Government has lost a lot of popularity because of you my boy. There are some that think that at the next election we shall be out. The press has chosen to take a very unfavourable view of what we tried to do.
Helping you sir?
You must have an interesting job at a salary which you would regard as adequate. Not only for the job which you are going to do and in compensation for what you believe you have suffered but also because you are helping us.
What job and how much?
We put him away where he can do you no harm. You see we are looking after your interests. We are interested in you and when you leave here you will have no further worries. We shall see to everything... a good job on a good salary.
Where is he now sir?
I can tell you that I... and the Government of which I am a member are deeply sorry about this my boy. Deeply sorry. We tried to help you. We followed recommendations had been made to us that turned out to be wrong. An enquiry will place the responsibility where it belongs. We want you to regard us as friends. We've put you right you're the best of treatments. We never wished you harm but there are some that did and do and I think you know who those are. There are certain people who wanted to use you for political ends. People who would have been glad to have you dead because then they would have been able to blame it all on the Government. I think you know who those are. There is also a certain man - a writer of subversive literature - who has been howling for your blood. He's been mad with desire to stick a knife into you but you're safe from him now we've put him away. He found out that you had done wrong to him - at least he believed you had done wrong. He had formed this idea in his head that you h
Thank you sir.
Yes I can... Oh look let me do that for you shall I?
I've suffered the tortures of the damned. The tortures of the damned sir.
Yes... well good to see you on the mend. I've kept in constant touch with the hospital of course and now I've come to see you personally to see how you're getting along.
Yes sir and a very lovely place it is too sir when I wake up in the middle of the night with my pain.
Hi hi hi there my little droogies.
Good evening my boy.
Fine. Absolutely fine. You see Ladies and Gentlemen our subject is you see impelled towards good by paradoxically being impelled toward evil. The intention to act violently is accompanied by strong feelings of physical distress. To counter these the subject has to switch to a diametrically opposed attitude. Any questions? Priest rises and moves to Alex.
Was I alright sir? Did I do well sir?
No sir I feel really great.
Not feeling too bad now are you?
Thank you very much. Thank you my dear. Girl bows and exits to loud applause.
She came towards me with the light like it was the like light of heavenly grace and the first thing that flashed into my gulliver was that I would like to have her right down there on the floor with the old in-out real savage. But quick as a shot came the sickness like a detective that had been watching around the corner and now followed to make his arrest. Alex retching. Minister rises.
Let's hope you make the most of it my boy.
Thank you very much for this chance sir.
The accidental killing of a person sir.
What crime did you commit.
Who said that?
There there mother it's alright. He doesn't mean it. You were in the papers again son. It said they had done great wrong to you. It said how the Government drove you to try and do yourself in... and when you think about it son... maybe it was our fault too in a way... your home's your home when it's all said and done son. Em sobs.
What gives O my Pee and Em what makes you think you are welcome? Em sobs. Pee comforts her.
Well all this needs thinking about son. I mean we can't very well just kick Joe out... Not just like that can we? I mean Joe is here doing a job. A contract it is two years. Well we made like an arrangement didn't we Joe? You see son Joe's paid next month's rent already so well whatever we do in the future we cant just say to Joe to get out now can we?
What's gonna happen to me then? I mean that's my room he's in - there's no denying that. This is my home also. What suggestions have you my Pee and Em to make?
Oh well he met with like an accident. He passed away. Alex becomes a bit weepy.
What about Basil? Where's my snake?
Well. That was all took away son by the Police. New regulation about compensation for the victim.
No thanks Mum. It'll pass in a minute...  ... What have you done with all my own personal things?
How do you do Joe? Find the room comfortable do you? No complaints?
Aye that's Joe. He... ummmm lives here now. The lodger. That's what he is... he... he rents your room. Alex confronts Joe.
Hey Dad there's a strange fella sitting on the sofa there munchy- wunching lomticks of toast.
Oh aye aye.
Well still the same old place then eh?
That's right Dad they did a great job on my gulliver I'm completely reformed.
Aye. Glad to see you back lad.
Well - I'm back.
Oh fine fi. Keeping out of trouble you know.
Well how are you then?
Keeping fit then?
Hullo lad. What a surprise good to see you.
And O my brothers would you believe your faithful friend and long suffering narrator pushed out his red yahzik a mile and a half to lick the grahzny vonny boots. The horrible killing sickness had wooshed up and turned the like joy of battle into a feeling I was going to snuff it. Minister rises.
... And again... Go on!!! Again! There's a good boy.
You wanna get up? Well you've gotta you see... well I want you to lick it. Go on... Lick it. Alex gagging and coughing licks the sole of his shoe.
Let me get up.
You wanna be sick?
I wanna be sick.
You're gonna be sick are you?
I'm gonna be sick.
... because I don't like you horrible type do I and if you want to start something... if you want to start... go on... well you just start. Please do. Alex retching.
... and that... He pulls Alex's ear pushes him off balance and plants his foot on his chest.
... and this... He pulls Alex's nose.
You want to know why I did that well you see - I do that... He stamps on Alex's foot.
Why did you do that brother? I've never done wrong to you.
Oh. Oh you're sorry are you well you must think I'm awfully stupid. He slaps Alex in the face.
Sorry brother. I didn't mean any offence.
What do I want?
No brother. What d'you want?
Oh he had a shower this morning. You trying to call me a liar?
Why do you say that brother? I had a shower this morning.
Hello heap of dirt. Pooh you don't wash much do you judging by the horrible smell.
Right. Halt the prisoner. Good morning sir I'm Chief Officer Barnes. I've got 655321 on a transfer from Parkmoor to the Ludovico Centre sir!
The next morning I was taken to the Ludovico Medical Facility outside the town centre and I felt a malenky bit sad having to say goodbye to the old Staja as you always will when you leave a place you've like gotten used to. Chief Guard briskly leads the way for Alex and escort. They move into reception hall where the Doctor stands.
Shut your bleedin' hole!!!
You're absolutely right sir.
Through there for a bath.
Right. The mothballs Mister.
Are you an Epileptic?
Do you wear any false teeth or false limbs?
Have you ever had any mental illness?
Do you wear eye glasses or contact lenses?
Blue eyes yes sir.
Fair hair sir.
Brown hair is it?
Yes sir Church of England sir.
Do you mean Church of England?
C of E sir.
Now then were you in Police custody this morning?
The chocolate and cigarettes you brought in - you lose that as you are now convicted. Now go over to the table and get undressed. Alex walks to table and undresses. Chief Guard moves to table with his clipboard.
Right. Sign here for your valuable property. Alex signs.
Pick that up and put it down properly. Alex does so and continues to empty his pockets.
Right carry on. Alex tosses a bar of chocolate on the desk.
Then your toes belong on the other side of it!!!
Right. Take the cuffs off him Mister. The cuffs are removed.
Murder sir.
Alexander de Large sir.
You are now in H.M. Prison Parkmoor and from this moment you will address all prison officers as sir! Name?
You've heard Beethoven before?
Are you referring to the background score?
You felt ill this afternoon because you're getting better. You see when we're healthy we respond to the presence of the hateful with fear and nausea. You're becoming healthy that's all. By this time tomorrow you'll be healthier still.
I just don't understand about feeling sick the way I did. I never used to feel sick before. I used to feel like the very opposite. I mean doing it or watching it I used to feel real horrorshow. I just don't understand why how what.
Well of course it was horrible. Violence is a very horrible thing. That's what you're learning now. Your body is learning it.
But it was horrible.
I imagine you'll be feeling a little bit limp by the end of the day. But we have to be hard on you. You have to be cured.
You mean I have to viddy two sessions in one day?
Well that was a very promising start. By my calculations you should be starting to feel alright again. Yes? Dr. Brodsky's pleased with you. Now tomorrow there'll be two sessions of course morning and afternoon.
Well that's good. I like to viddy the old films now and again.
Something like that.
You mean like going to the pictures?
It's quite simple really. Were just going to show you some films.
What exactly is the treatment here going to be then?
Something like that. You are a little undernourished so after each meal were going to give you a shot. Roll over on your right side please loosen your pyjama pants and pull them half-way down. He does somewhat reluctantly. She gives him a shot in the bum.
Vitamins will it be then?
Oh no nothing of the sort.
What's the hypo for then? Going to send me to sleep?
I hope so Missus. She inserts a needle into the medicine vial.
We're going to friends now sir.
I realise all that Missus and I'm very grateful to all concerned.
Good. In a few minutes you'll meeting Dr. Brodsky and we'll begin your treatment. You're a very lucky boy to have been chosen.
Fine... fine.
How're you feeling this morning?
Indeed it is. May I take this She removes his tray.
Good Morning Missus. Lovely day isn't it?
Good morning Alex my name is Dr. Branom. I'm Doctor Brodsky's assistant.
I'm sure it won't be long now.
And when do I get out of here then?
It's not that kind of a test. But you seem well on the way to a complete recovery.
How many did I get right?
Good. I'm glad
I was quite enjoying that.
I hope so. Is that the end then?
Fine. Well that's all there is to it. Are you alright?
Fucking hell...
Eggiwegs. I would like to smash 'em. Pick up th elot and f... owww... He slams his hand down and cries out with pain.
Good. You can do whatever you like with these.
Excuse me missus. No time for the old in-out I've just come to read the meter. Slide of bird's nest with eggs.
Good. What do you want?
Bollocks. You know what you can do with that watch? You can stick it up your arse. Slide of nude woman in bed a man at the window.
Good. It wa your fault... you sold me a crummy watch. I want my money back.
That's right and I'll smash your face for you yarblockos. Slide of watch shop.
Good. The boy you always quarrelled with is seriously ill.
Right... Knickers... Cabbages... It doesn't have a beak. Alex laughs. Slide of woman speaking to boy.
Yes. Yes well don't think about it too long just say the first thing that pops into your mind.
I just say what the other person would say?
Isn't the plumage beautiful?
Righty right. The doctor reads aloud the dialogue printed in the cartoon balloon - a peacock.
Now then each of these slides needs a reply from one of the people in the picture. You'll tell me what you think the person would say. Alright?
Patients who've sustained the kind of injuries you have often have dreams of this sort. It's all part of the recovery process.
Well when I was all like ashamed up and half awake and unconscious like I kept having this dream like all these doctors were playing around with me gulliver. You know... like the inside of me brain. I seemed to have this dream over and over again. D'you think it means anything?
Ohhh... jolly good. Perhaps you can explain me something to me first.
No... I'm going to show you some slides and you are going to tell me what you think about them Alright?
What are we going to do? Talk about me sex life?
Just part of hospital routine.
Psychiatrist? Huh do I need one?
I'm your Psychiatrist.
I haven't seen you before.
Good. I'm doctor Taylor.
Fine. Fine.
How are you feeling today?
No no boy. You really must leave it to us but be cheerful about it. In less than a fortnight now you'll be a free man.
But Sir... Missus... I see that it's wrong! It's wrong because it's like against like society. It's wrong because everybody has the right to live and be happy without being tolchocked and knifed.
You must take your chance boy. The choice has been all yours.
You're not cured yet my boy.
You needn't take it any further sir. You've proved to me that all this ultra-violence and killing is wrong and terribly wrong. I've learned my lesson sir. I see now what I've never seen before I'm cured praise Bog!
You're keen on music?
That!... Using Ludwig van like that! He did no harm to anyone. Beethoven just wrote music.
What's all this about sin?
Let me be sick... I want to get up. Get me something to be sick in... Stop the film... Please stop it... I can't stand it any more. Stop it please... please.
Very soon now the drug will cause the subject to experience a death- like paralysis together with deep feelings of terror and helplessness. One of our earlier test subjects described it as being like death a sense of stifling and drowning and it is during this period we have found the subject will make his most rewarding associations between his catastrophic experience and environment and the violence he sees. Alex retching violently and struggling against his strait jacket.
Then there was like a sea of dirty smelly old men trying to get at your humble Narrator with their feeble rookers and horny old claws. It was Old Age having a go at Youth and I daren't do a single solitary thing O my brothers it being better to be hit at like that than want to be sick and feel that horrible pain. The Tramp crowd round Alex shouting.
They laughed at me blood and me moans. This murderous young pig is a prize specimen of the cowardly brutal young. He is in our midst and at our mercy. Give it to him. That's it. Old Tramps begin to beat at Alex.
Stop him! Stop him! A leg is stuck out and Alex goes down. The tramp swarm all over him.
This is the poisonous young swine that near done me in. Him and his friends beat me and kicked me and thumped me. Alex breaks away again.
Leave me alone brother. I've never seen you before. Tramp shouts to other Meths drinkers and Tramps.
I never forget a face! I never forget any face be God!
Jamey Mack! Be the hokey fly! Holy Mother of God! All the Holy Angels and blessed saints in Heaven preserve us. Alex breaks away but the Tramp toddles alongside him.
Oh thankyou your honour. The Tramp takes a second look at Alex.
Can you spare me some cutter me brother? Can you spare some cutter me brother? Alex without looking at him reaches in his pocket and gives him some money.
It's a stinking world because there's no law and order any more. It's a stinking world because it lets the young get onto the old like you done. It's no world for an old man any more. What sort of a world is it at all? Men on the moon and men spinning around the earth and there's not no attention paid to earthly law and order no more. The Tramp starts singing again.
Oh - and what's so stinking about it?
Oh-hhh!!! Go on do me in you bastard cowards. I don't want to live anyway not in a stinking world like this.
Can you... can you spare some cutter me brothers? Alex rams his stick into the Tramp's stomach. The boys laugh.
One thing I could never stand is to see a filthy dirty old drunkie howling away at the filthy songs of his fathers and going blerp blerp in between as it might be a filthy old orchestra in his stinking rotten guts. I could never stand to see anyone like that whatever his age might be but more especially when he was real old like this one was. The boys stop and applaud him.
Amen. They cross themselves.
Instruct thy son and he shall refresh thee and shall give delight to thy soul.
Be patient my son and put your trust in the Lord.
I don't understand about the whys and wherefores Father. I only know I want to be good.
The question is weather or not this technique really makes a man good. Goodness comes from within. Goodness is chosen. When a man cannot chose he ceases to be a man.
I don't care about the danger Father. I just want to be good. I want for the rest of my life to be one act of goodness.
It has not been used yet in this prison. The Governor has grave doubts about it and I have heard that there are very serious dangers involved.
But it is being used isn't it Father?
That's not proven 655321. In fact it is only in the experimental stage at this moment.
I don't know what it's called Father all I know is that it gets you out quickly and makes sure that you never get in again.
I take it you are referring to the Ludovico Technique?
These things get around Father. Two Warders talk as it might be and somebody can't help overhearing what they say. Then somebody picks up a scrap of newspaper in the workshops and the newspaper tells all about it. How about putting me in for this new treatment Father?
Where did you hear about this? Whose been talking about these things?
No Father. It's nothing like that Father. It's about this new thing they're all talking about. About this new treatment that you out of prison in no time at all and makes sure you never get back in again.
Certainly my son certainly. Is there something troubling you my son? Don't be shy to speak up. Remember I know all the urges that can trouble young men deprived of the society of women.
Father - may I ask you a question in private?
You certainly have not 655321. You've been very helpful and you've shown a genuine desire to reform.
And Father I've never been guilty of any institutional infractions have I?
I've done my best have I not?
You have my son.
Father I have tried have I not?
Fine my boy fine fine.
If thou lose hope being weary in the days of distress thy strength shall be diminished.
Now then. Face the wall. Bend over and touch your toes. Chief Guard inspects Alex's anus with a penlight.
Mothballs sir.
Are you now or ever have been a homosexual?
One pair of underpants - white with blue waistband.
Have you ever had any attacks of fainting or dizziness?
One pair of trousers - blue pinstriped.
Have you been receiving medical treatment for any serious illness?
One shirt - blue collar attached.
Prison custody?
One jacket - blue pinstripe.
Don't read it - sign it!
Answer when the Governor asks you a question you filthy young swine!
You are to be reformed. Tomorrow you go to this man Brodsky. You wbe leaving here. You will be transferred to the Ludovico Medical Facility. It is believed that you will be able to leave State custody in a little over a fortnight. I suppose that prospect pleases you?
Shut your filthy hole you scum!!!
Forward to the white line toes behind it. Full name and number to the Governor. Chief Guard closes door.
Very good Chief. Chief Guard turns to Alex.
Sir 655321 sir.
Carry on Chief.
Leave to carry on sir please?
Very good Chief. They inspect cells.
This is to make sure you stay cured. Georgie hits Alex in the stomach with his blackjack. Then they push his head under the water and methodically start to beat him with their blackjacks. After a full minute of this they drag him out halt-drowned
Enough is remembered though little Alex. Dim and Georgie laugh. They drag Alex to a low water through.
Something to sharpen us up you especially. We have the start.
Moloko-plus.
Big big money.
The shiny stuff. The Ice. The big big big money is available's what Will the English says.
Yeah... Pete the English.
And there's Will the English in the Muscleman coffee mesto saying he can fence anything that anything that any malchick tries to crast.
Pitiful rookerful...
Are you feeling better?
Hullo son how are you?
Would you like me to make you a nice cup of tea son?
D'you think we should do something?
Dad... It's the treatment. More retching.
Well what's the matter lad are you feeling alright?
Aye. You should have let us know lad not that we're not very pleased to see you again. All cured too eh?
We've only just read about it in the morning papers.
Well it's a surprise all right a bit bewildering too.
Well like he says it's mostly odd things he does helping like... here and there as it might be.
I wonder where exactly is it he goes to work of evenings.
No I don't know luv I'd taken my sleepers.
Yes I heard. D'you know what time he got in last night?
Shall we go to my office?
No no no. That's enough. He's perfect. I want his records sent to me. This vicious young hoodlum will be transformed out of all recognition.
Well fine... we could still look at C-Block.
Not a chance my dear fellow. The Ggovernment can't be concerned any longer with outmoded penological theories. Soon we may be needing all of out prison space for political offenders. Common criminals like these are best dealt with on a purely curative basis. Kill the criminal reflex that's all. Full implementation in a year's time. Punishment means nothing to them you can see that... they enjoy their so-called punishment. Alex seizes his chance as they pass by.
I agree sir. What we need are larger prisons. More money.
Cram criminals together and what do you get - concentrated criminality... crime in the midst of punishment.
Four in this block sir.
How many to a cell?
There is no abort procedure -- we don't know how we turned the damn thing on let alone how to turn it off.
There's no plug to pull.
Pull the plug.  Get her out of there.
We've lost contact.
We have benzel activation repeat we have benzel activation.  Control to Arroway you okay in there?  Repeat Control to Arroway come back.
Anything happening in there El?
I'm not sure.  We have no launch protocol; the entry of the passenger is supposed to initiate activation.
I don't know.  Ultimately their motives may be as incomprehensible as their technology.
You don't believe it to be... tell me something Doctor.  Why do you think they would go to all this trouble... bring you tens of thousands of light years and then send you home without a shred of proof?  Sort of bad form wouldn't you say?  What was their intent?
All the elements are there.  A woman orphaned young under a great deal of stress.  The failure of a project she's staked her self-worth and very sense of identity on -- induces a fantasy of reuniting with her 'father in heaven' as it were. Is it possible?
Is it possible...?
Dr. Arroway do you think it's possible you had some kind of... delusional episode.
He died...  ... in 1972.
... And this is how the extraterrestrial presented himself to you?  As your father?
-- It's extremely unlikely that they had any idea what they were looking at.
-- Or 'you're our kind of people --'
It's a hoax.  I knew it!
What in the hell...?
How is that possible?  How could all that information be encoded in --
Hope there's a cartoon.
Okay fine they've got the primes -- but if you're right about there being another more significant transmission still to come --
Mike because of the Earth's rotation we're only in line with Vega so many hours a day; the only way to get the whole message is to cooperate with other stations.  If Dr. Arroway hadn't moved quickly we could have lost key elements.
Dr. Arroway let me first say --
Michael Kitz National Security Advisor.
Dr. Arroway --
So... there wasn't any clothes in the machine.  She was just sitting there on the floor with her ear pressed up against the Maytag. Listening.
Last week about 3 A.M. Fish -- Dr. Fisher -- was on a late shift and he found her doing laundry.
Nothing.  Okay.  Some of us have been a little... not concerned exactly but...
Still settling in really.  Where's Dr. Arroway?
Glad to have you David.  How's the new office?
Now I remember why I went into theoretical work.  Kent.
For giving me a chance just for a moment to feel what it must be like to be you.
Nothing.  I guess I just wanted to thank you.
What would you have me say David?
Ellie... we both know that if I was any kind of a man I never would've entered this race.  That I would have told the President straight out:  Helen Eleanor Arroway is naive and strident and an enormous pain in the ass... but she's got more courage and intelligence than the rest of us put together.  That more then anyone else on the planet she's earned this.  And that she should be the one to go because she's the best we have.  But that's not who I am.  I like to think it's who I might've been if things had gone a different way; that I might have been worthy really worthy of what I've been given...  You do what you have to do.  And in the end as with everything it comes down to power.  And it isn't fair...
Good luck David.
Right.  Well.
This... seemed best.
You aren't staying?
Maybe they are.  Maybe this is all part of the package.  The building of the machine has demanded international cooperation on an unprecedented scale.  Maybe requiring us to come together in this way was in effect part of the plan.
They knew our level of development. If as you say they've done this many times they'd be well aware of the implications.
... I can't believe they wouldn't take something as basic as our biological needs into account...
... Two years is still a hell of a long time -- and as far as we can tell there aren't any provisions in the machine design for storing food water even air...
Excuse me I'm late for a meeting.
As of three o'clock this afternoon. I submitted my resignation.
Ellie... you should know that I'm no longer the President's Science Advisor.
I'm asking for your help David.  I want to go.  They'll need someone relatively young unattached -- and probably a scientist.  As the President's Science Advisor you have enormous weight... I'm asking if you'll support my candidacy.
I don't understand.
David... I know we've had our differences... but I've always thought of you as a fair man even when we've disagreed -- and It's in that light I'm hoping you'll consider my request...
It'll just take a moment.
Actually I'm running late --
Do you have a minute -- ?
You were right Ellie.  You were right all along.
You mean --
We've cracked it.  Lunacharsky found it.
What is it?  What's happened?
Interesting analogy.  And how guilty would we feel if we happened to destroy some microbes on a beach in Africa?
Ms. President this is communist paranoia right out of War of the Worlds.  There is no reason whatsoever to believe the ETIs intentions are hostile.  We pose no threat to them -- it would be like us going out of our way to destroy microbes on a beach in Africa.
It's not a threat Ellie it's a fact -- if you're not careful you may find yourself out in the cold very quickly.  Play ball.  Really. It's good advice.
Are you threatening me?
I want you to listen to me carefully.  The minute the implications of this message became clear this stopped being simply a scientific matter and became a political one -- an extremely complex extremely volatile one. There are forces at work here you don't understand; I can help you up to a point but only up to a point.
I'm going to convert Mr. Science-is- the-root-of-all-evil?  This is absurd David.  We have work to do here I don't have time to play babysitter to the God Squad.
Apparently he's genuinely interested in science.  This could be a chance to win him over.
The theological ramifications of all this are obvious; the President feels we need to include religious interests rather than alienate them. She's also named Palmer Joss as their liaison; he's requested a meeting with you.
What?  Why?
... Arrangements also have to be made for the V.I.P.s coming in mostly religious leaders...
Rotate 90 degrees counterclock wise.
Throw a gray scale on it; standard interpolation.
You must have checked the signal for polarization modulation already...
... could it be a nested code of some sort?
It's hardly yesterday; the signal's been traveling for over twenty-six years.  As for why...  I'm hoping your own expertise in decryption algorithms will help us find out -- to see if there's another message buried deeper in the signal.
If it's attention you want I'd say you've got it.  Just one thing:  Why Vega? Everyone's looked at Vega for years with no results and now yesterday they start broadcasting primes. Why?
Mathematics is the only truly universal language Senator.  We think this may be a beacon -- an announcement to get our attention.
It was a worthy experiment -- worthy of you; I was wrong about that part. But it's over now.
Then why haven't you detected any signals?  If as you claim there have been thousands millions of advanced civilizations out there for millions of years then why hasn't one signal gotten through?  It'll take a month or two for the paperwork to go through; you're welcome to stay until then.
Goddamnit they are out there David --
No... You're not.  But the price has just gotten too high.
The difference being what -- that I refuse to adopt the standard line that I don't care about the results of my work?  Well I do care.  Of course any discovery has to be verifiable of course it must be subject to all rigors of scientific method but I refuse to go around pretending I'm some kind of dispassionate automaton when it's obvious to anyone with a brain I'm just not.
The point is this isn't just scientific inquiry anymore -- it's turned into some kind of personal obsession.
I'm searching for patterns in the noise that's all.  Order in the chaos.  I'm practicing listening --
Meaning I have to go defend a budget to the President and to Congress and you're out here listening to washing machines.
It's not like you've given me much choice.
You can't just pull the plug David.
Ellie I should have done this a long time ago certainly before I left the N.S.F. but I wanted to give you every benefit of the doubt --
It's not enough having my search time systematically cut down -- you know I'm down to three hours a week now.
You know why I'm here.
Did I tell you we've expanded the search spectrum?  We're including several other possible magic frequencies -- not just the hydrogen line anymore.  I was trying to get inside their heads y'know?  And I started thinking what other constants are there in the Universe besides hydrogen and then suddenly it was so obvious -- transcendantals right?  So we've been trying variations of pi...
Now exactly.  It's... complicated.
'President's Science Advisor' -- so what you just spend all your time jetting around on Air Force One now...?
I'm surprised you even knew it was an election year.
Really?  Congratulations by the way.
Very well; since my appointment he's been made interim director.
Oh?  How's he doing?
Peter sends his regards.
Pepsi?  Tequila?
Then disagree but don't stand in my way!
I disagree.
What if you're wrong?  No -- I'll grant you probabilities but as a scientist without all the evidence -- you can't deny the possibility -- and I believe even the remotest possibility of something this profoundly... profound is worth investigation -- and worth taking a few risks.
Two:  There's nothing out there but noble gasses and carbon compounds and you'd be wasting your time.
And only two probabilities:  One: there is intelligent life in the universe but they're so far away you'll never contact it in your lifetime --
Dr. Drumlin we are talking about what could potentially be the most important discovery in the history of humanity.  There are over four hundred billion stars out there --
I'm not.  You're far too promising a scientist to waste your considerable gifts on this nonsense --
I'm willing to take that risk.
I'm sorry Miss Arroway not only is it too Speculative a subject for a doctoral dissertation at this point in your career it'd be tantamount to suicide.
What's the status of the decryption effort?
Yes -- of course -- all I'm saying is this message was written in the language of science -- mathematics -- and was clearly intended to be received by scientists.  If it had been religious in nature it should have taken the form of a burning bush or a booming voice from the sky...
Mr. Rank's organization represents the point of view of tens of millions of families Dr. Arroway. Feel free to disagree but there won't be any suppressing of opinions here today.
A transport.  So are they coming or are we going?
... And while its function remains for the moment a mystery my best guess is that it represents a transport of some kind.
How soon will you be able to decode it?
Because you cut it from the budget three years running.
It could be anything.  The first volume of some Encyclopedia Galactica...
What does it say?
I don't know.  Maybe there is a fourth layer in there somewhere but if there is I sure as hell can't find it.
How can that be?
We've repeated.  A few minutes ago the message cycled back to page one.
Maybe it'll be at the end of the data when the message recycles.
There's no way of knowing.  Without a key -- a primer to help us maybe never.
A third layer.
In ancient times when parchment was in short supply people would write over old writing... it was called a palimpsest.
Analyzing signal polarization shifts.
Dr. Lunacharsky...?
NORAD's not tracking any spacecraft in our vector including snoops; shuttle Endeavor's in sleep mode.
How's the spying tonight guys?
I scanned it at Arecibo; negative results always.
That can't be right; it's only twenty-six light years away.
Put it on speakers.
Hydrogen times pi...  Got it.  Strong sucker.
I'm not sure.  You mind checking right ascension 18 hours 34 minutes; declination plus 38 degrees 41 minutes?
Got a bogey boss?
VB10's an M dwarf; Signa Draconis... too old.
Been there done that got the T-shirt.
J39 Z186...?
It's incredibly rich.  We've been cataloging it in frames or 'pages'; right now we're on 10413.
I think we just hit the cosmic jackpot.
It's a civilian facility.
Can't we get rid of them?
It can't be coming from Vega the system's too young.
Okay let's just slow down.  Pull up the starfield signal origin.
Thank you Mr. Sensitive.  I'm coming at this wrong... missing something... something...
You've only searched -- what is it sixteen hundred stars without a peep?  Try not to take it too personally.
Never seen the optical sky myself but I hear it's nice too.
It's beautiful.
It's how I hear it.  The display's just a little something I programmed for astronomers with the misfortune of sight.
This is how you see the sky?
Here right around Centaurus A.
Nice.  Where?
1919+21.  Found a glitch in the timing; probably a starquake.
Ellie.  Pulsar?
Kent Kent for Chrissakes.  You must be Eleanor.
Dr. Cullers?
Because I can't.
So why don't you admit what by your own standards must be the truth: that this experience simply didn't happen.
-- but I don't believe it to be the truth.
Thank you Doctor.  Now --
Is it possible.  Yes.  But --
Please answer the question Doctor.
By our standards... yes.
In fact by all the laws of physics we know what you claim to have experienced is simply impossible.
I don't have the figures in front of me but yes that sounds about right.
And current theory holds that to sustain the sort of wormholes you're talking about even for a fraction of a second would require more energy than our sun produces in a year is that correct?
There is no direct evidence no.
I don't have an official response Michael.  All I have are the same questions you have.
Is that your official response?
... I don't understand it.  All I can think is that maybe because the video gear wasn't accounted for in the original plans it somehow violated the integrity of the design.
That's terrific but there's one problem:  we don't have the means to receive all the data on our own.
If at some later date the message proves harmless we can discuss sharing it with the rest of the world but until then --
Pardon me but you can't do -- !
And a hundred mile airspace.
And a hundred mile airspace.
Colonel Jarrod I'd like a twenty mile radio-silent perimeter put around this installation immediately.
You don't seem to understand that it's your interests I'm trying to protect -- !
-- which we'll also need the network's help to receive and decode!
You want to classify prime numbers?
I'm saying you might have consulted us; the contents of this message could be extremely sensitive...
This isn't a person to person call Mr. Kitz.  I don't really think the civilization sending the message intended it just for Americans.
I'll come right to the point Doctor.  Your sending this message all over the world may well be a breach of National Security.
Childhood is over Ellie.  It's time to grow up.
No.  Please.
It's time to go home now.
Ellie... this is the way it's been done for billions of years...
Please -- if you... downloaded... everything about us you know the problems we face the impact it could have -- it could make the difference --
No more stalling Captain.
But you said you wanted to help -- don't you see what it would mean?
That isn't the way it works.
But -- other people from our planet should see what I've seen -- they should witness this for themselves.
Eventually you'll get here on your own.  This was just the first step; in time you'll take another.
None taken... but ... do we get to come back?  Others of my kind I mean.
If we don't engineer a consistent causality it'll work itself out on its own and that's almost always worse.  Ellie according to your physics none of this is possible.  A lot of it you're simply not capable of understanding not yet.  No offense.
No!  I mean... why so soon?
Now... you go home.
So.  What happens now?
You always have been.  We're all descendants of the same stars Ellie.  All made of the same primordial atoms.
... all those voices... you gather them all together.  Millions of intelligences in one consciousness... and now we're a part of it.
The librarian... or the library...?
Am I one... or many?
Can you help us?
... life is unspeakably rare.  So whenever we do find another civilization especially one that's... struggling... We send a message.  Sometimes we can offer help.  Sometimes we can't.  But we always try.  Life is simply too precious not to.
You have your mother's hands...  There are no tests Ellie.  We don't sit in judgment.  Think of us more as... librarians.  Curators of the Universe's rarest and most valuable creation...
So we passed some kind of test?
Not all.  Some choose to stay at home and dream their dreams.  Some never make it this far.
The scale... it's just...  So all the civilizations you detect; they all end up coming here?
We don't know.  Whoever they were they were gone long before we ever got here.
Oh we didn't build it.  The transit system has been in place for billions of years; we're just its... caretakers.
And they all travel here through this wormhole subway system you built.
Many others.
And those other docking ports I saw... I mean... there are others?
You contacted us.  We were simply listening.  We've been listening for millions of years.
Why did you contact us?
Small moves Captain small moves.
Can you show me?
Originally just another species like yourselves.  Well not like you at all actually but...
So who -- what -- are you?
We thought this might make things a little easier.
But you're so... I mean how could you possibly...?  When I was unconscious.  You... downloaded... my thoughts my memories even...  This beach.  I've never been here but I remember... it's how I always imagined...  Pensacola.
Am I artifact or dream?  You might ask that about anything.
So.  Are you an hallucination?  Or are little gear trains and circuit boards under your skin?
That's my scientist.
You're not real.  None of this is.
Dad... But tell me how did... I mean how can...?
I'm sorry I couldn't be there for you sweetheart.
I used... I used to dream you were alive... and then I'd wake up and lose you all over again.
Time to sleep now Captain.  But you can ask more questions in the morning okay?
That's a beauty Captain.  Now get some sleep.
Okay okay... there.
Mmm that's a good one.  Maybe his echo...  Okay no more stalling.
Could we hear God?
Big enough radio I don't see why not.
Could we hear to the moon?
On that old shortwave?  Maybe on a clear night.  Come on now under the covers.
Could we hear to China?
Just be yourself Captain.  Find out where he is.
But what do I say?
Talk to him.
Try again between the static and 'Hey Jude'; that's where they're hiding.
I can't move any smaller.
Small moves Captain small moves.
Can't.  Doctor's orders.  The low oxygen/zero gravity environment is the only thing keeping the cancer from eating me alive.  It's all right -- I like it here. Ever try sex in zero-G?
Why don't you come back with me?
-- of Hadden Industries.
As each component was tested and shipped off to Texas a duplicate was maintained and assembled in Hokkaido -- for backup purposes of course. We've been right behind you the entire time.  You see my problem:  I couldn't appear to control too large a percentage; my enemies wouldn't stand for it.  So I simply made sure the Japanese consortium received the systems integration contract.  Of course no one had to know the corporations involved were recently acquired wholly-owned subsidiaries --
Mmm.  Look closer.
The systems integration site.
Hokkaido Island.
Wouldn't you if you saw Hitler on TV?  Come; I want to show you something.
The gods sent us the machine because they took pity on us.
I think whoever sent the message did it because they're worried about us.
You sound like Joseph.  You think the world ends with the millennium?
Oh not quite yet.  At least for their sake...  ... I hope it's not.  Because they're running out of time.
What are you talking about?  It's over.
Yes.  A shame.  Still... it'd be worse if they died for nothing.
It looks like pixie dust...  Kent would've given anything to see this.  David too.
Japanese squid fleet.  They use lights to attract them to the surface... then turn them into sushi.
What's that?
Poor tired spinning girl... How we feasted on her.  And now that we've had our fill and given her a giant dose of the clap... we're pulling out.  That's Paris where my daughter was born.  Moscow where gangsters rule the night and I gave up smoking.  So many battles so many lives... all that sturm and drang.  As if it never happened.  If it weren't for a few power grids you wouldn't know we existed.
It's so... small.
A sunrise and a sunset every forty- five minutes.
That's my girl.  Done.
Mr. Hadden I'm a scientist; I don't make deals... But.  If you wish to give me in good faith access to your information I can assure you that I will exert all reasonable efforts to promote your cause wherever it doesn't conflict with the best interests of science... or my better judgment.
In return... you get the primer -- and with it the power to stay in the game.  Do we have a deal?
And in return?
That would seem to be the question of the hour.  I want to build it Doctor.  Of course I'm already lobbying through the usual channels of influence and corruption -- but as I said my colorful past has made many of those channels... difficult to navigate. I need someone on the inside.
A machine.  But a machine that does what?
Very good Doctor.  I've also detected structural elements back references a general movement from the simple to the complex -- all of which would seem to indicate instructions -- an enormously complicated set of instructions -- for building something.
Some kind of circuitry...?
-- even if he doesn't receive the entire transmission.  Heaven is the mustard seed.
You're saying... there is no separate primer in the message -- because it's on every page so the recipient can decipher it wherever he is --
Not if you think like a Vegan.
A page-break signal.  A period.
Page after page of data -- over sixty-three thousand in all if I'm not mistaken... and at the end of each...
That's my girl...  Lights.
If I knew you any better I'd say that doesn't sound like you.
I've had a long time to make enemies Dr. Arroway.  There are many governments business interests even religious leaders who would like to see me disappear. And I will grant them their wish soon enough... But before I do I wish to make a small contribution -- a final gesture of goodwill toward the people of this little planet who've given -- from whom I've taken so much.
You've... found it.  What could I possibly have that you would want Mr. Hadden?
Oh maybe not out -- but definitely looking for you coat.  I understand you've had some difficulty locating the -- what are you calling it?  The 'primer' that will make decryption possible...  I've found it.
I didn't realize I was out.
The powers that be have been quite busy lately falling over each other to position themselves for the game of the century if not the millennium.  Perhaps you've noticed.  Perhaps I could help deal you back in.
What kind of deal?
The infamous unfashionable bluntness.  You're here so we can do business. I want to make a deal.
Why am I here Mr. Hadden?
I find it convenient to keep my interests... mobile.  Anyway I've had my fill of life on the ground. After spending much of this century pursuing the evils and pleasures the world has to offer -- after outliving three wives and two children...  I find I've had quite enough of planet Earth.
You live here.
Once upon a time I was a hell of an engineer.  Please sit Doctor.  I have guests so rarely it's important to me they feel welcome in my home.  Did you know this was once Yeltsin's flying dascha?  That dent is where he threw a bottle of vodka at the pilot.  At least that's what the people who sold me the plane said...
S.R. Hadden...  You compromised our security codes.
I think it is your naivete I like best about you Eleanor.  Oh there'll be a worldwide protest but we all knew it from the very beginning.  You Americans discovered the signal you led the decryption effort.  The machine is being built on your home soil... Of course the passenger will be an American chosen by Americans.  Anyway it is what the whole world wants no?  This is the big show. The sort you put on better than anyone.  It's good marketing.  It's good casting.  It's the American way.
You're implying that the whole selection process is a sham?
I do.  More than anything.  But I am also a realist.  Soon this... what is your charming term -- ?  Dog and pony show will finally be over and I will go home.
I thought you were here because you want to go.
Perhaps.  But on the off-chance that it is a 'doomsday device' of some kind I plan to be very far away from your lovely Texas when it is activated.
I'd say this is slightly different.
We've just lived through a century of incredible violence and self- destruction.  Do you call it 'interventionist' when you stop a toddler from walking in front of a truck?
Very well.  Assume this is true. Assume they have only the best of intentions.  Suppose they decide to just step in and solve all our problems for us.  You have no objection to them so flagrantly intervening in human affairs?
But the machine worked -- that's what I've been trying to tell everyone!  The tape -- it's all there if they'd just look at...  ... the tape...
That's one way of putting it.  Kitz the President the I.S.C. have shut down all official communications; there've also been reports of riots flaring up across the U.S. and Europe.  Until we figure out what went wrong things may get rough especially for you --
Peter... What is going on?  Has everyone gone completely insane?
How long was I gone?
Peter what are you talking about? What malfunction?  What day is this?
It's all right the important thing is you're safe --
Wait -- hold on a minute --
Thank God.  When we lost contact I thought -- we thought... but you're okay.  We're still trying to determine the nature of the malfunction.  Did you notice anything at all that --
I'm -- I'm fine.
Ellie -- are you okay?
Like it.  Almost there.
Like it or not.
That you Valerian?
It's really happening.
Someone tell me this is really happening.
It's good to see you Ellie.
That is true.  But it's also true that if I really thought we wanted the same things I'd follow you anywhere... but the truth is I don't think you want the company.  Be honest El.  There's nowhere you'd rather be than sitting out at some remote corner of the world searching for the answers to the mysteries of the universe.  And call me crazy but I just can't compete with that... I'm sorry.
You sonofabitch.
Ellie -- I'm getting married.  Her name's Laura.  She came up to Owens Valley to do her post-doc about six months after you left.
I'm serious about this Peter --
Right now -- we'll drive down to Ramey and get the base chaplain to marry us.
And you think I don't want those things?  You think I don't stay up half the night wondering if I've made the right choice living half a world away from you wondering if any of this is worth what I'm giving up for it everyday?  Let's get married.
Maybe that's the problem.  I want... a family Ellie.  I want kids.  A townhouse on L street instead of still living like a college kid.  A real life.  Maybe that makes me a sellout but I don't care anymore. It's what I want.
Please you're just as ambitious as I am more --
'The work' Jesus Ellie can't there just once be more to life than the work?  Okay maybe that's the only way to get the recognition win the prizes --
But the work --
This is a chance to be of enormous help to other people's research -- to have the power to be a real advocate where David's got blind spots --
But what about your research -- ?
I'm going on staff at the N.S.F.  To work for Drumlin.
-- I'm moving to Washington.
We could be together again --
Actually --
Peter -- if you can get him to do that for me he'd obviously do the same for you -- we could -- !
Thirty-one linked dishes.  You could search more sky there in a day than you could in a year here.
The V.L.A.?
What if I said I could get Drumlin to agree to sell you time in New Mexico?
It's almost there.  The hardest part is getting someone to sell us the telescope time.
How close are you to getting this funding put together?
If we lived at any previous time in human history we wouldn't even have the option of failing -- we'd have to wonder our whole lives unable to do anything about it.  This time right now is unique in our history in any civilization's history -- the moment of the acquisition of technology.  The moment when contact becomes possible.  We've already beaten incredible odds by being lucky enough to be alive now.
Ellie... even if you do manage to raise the money have you thought about what it would really mean to follow through on this?  I mean a college fetish is one thing but we're talking about your career. You won't be publishing.  You won't be taken seriously... and you could spend your entire life looking and never find anything at all.
... We've been going after some of the big multi-nationals but without much luck; got a donation from a New York dowager... We've even been thinking about selling T-shirts.
I've examined over forty stars of roughly solar spectral type but so far nothing.  Still we've barely started...
Please.  Any chance of that died the day David Drumlin was appointed head of the N.S.F.  I have been in contact with a few other SETI people; we've been trying to find backing from private investors. I've even managed to scrounge a couple of hours of telescope time here and there...
Any luck on the grant money?
... I keep telling myself okay that's just the price you have to do your time doing shitwork before you're allowed to get to the good stuff... but if I have to catalog one more quasar...  God I've missed you.
'... is indistinguishable from magic.'
'Any sufficiently advanced technology...'
It's like the pre-Copernicans who swore the sun revolved around the Earth or the Victorians at the end of the last century who concluded that all major discoveries had now been made.  I mean... try to imagine civilization a thousand years ahead of us -- then imagine trying to explain... I dunno a microwave oven -- to someone even a hundred years ago -- I mean the basic concepts didn't exist...
They can't.  I think it's against human nature to admit to that level of... insignificance; to not see yourself as basically the center of the universe.
... I'm just so sick of feeling defensive about the things I care about!  Or being lumped in with the lunatic fringe by people like Drumlin when if they'd just put aside their preconceptions for two seconds and look at the facts...
What a coincidence.  It happens to be my fetish too.
Keep it down okay?  Drumlin thinks I'm enough of a flake as it is.  Look -- everyone here has their little fetishes.  Caven goes to topless bars Vernon's got his carnivorous plants... mine just happens to be extraterrestrial intelligence.
I read your paper on ETI's.  It's brilliant.
Sounds like a Russian general.
Peter Valerian.
Ellie.  Arroway.
That's what they all say.
He's an incredible prick but I never learned so much in my life.
It's beautiful but it does get a little lonely.  Sometimes I think the reason we build these things in such godforsaken places isn't to avoid excess radio traffic but because we're all such pathetic antisocial misfits... Speaking of which:  How're you getting on with the old man?
... Drumlin said you're been down at Arecibo for the last year.
Something my dad -- they -- said. 'After all the suffering after all the desolation of the void -- the one thing that makes the vastness tolerable is each other.'  The one thing that makes it bearable is love.
I'm not sure...  Maybe it simply exists in the search for it.  Maybe its something we have to make for ourselves.
Does that mean you think it doesn't exist?
I don't know.  If it was a god it was searching for a greater one.  It was still searching for meaning...
In other words.
In other words God works in mysterious ways...
Maybe what you experienced can't be reduced to images on a videotape. Maybe they still plan to grant your request only in their own way in their own time... Or maybe it's just like you said:  ultimately their motives may be as incomprehensible as their technology.
... but it is a good question and I suppose I'll always wonder about the answer:  Why would they send me back without proof?
Ellie... if you go out there like this -- if you admit to even the possibility that what you experienced didn't actually happen -- I'm afraid they really will crucify you.  Please.  For your own sake for the sake of the world... tell them what you know to be the truth.  Tell them it really happened.
I want to Palmer -- more than anything.  But it has to be real. It has to be true.
Have you seen what's happening out there?  The terror the despair? The world is on fire Ellie.  People need something they can believe in something worthy and you can give it to them!
Ellie the only one holding you to that standard is you!  The people want to hear your story they need to hear it!
It's not enough don't you understand?  I know it happened -- but by every standard of science by every standard I've lived my life by that fact is utterly beside the point.  It may be true but it doesn't matter because I can't prove it's real.
Ellie you're the proof.  You tell them your story.  Ultimately they'll have no choice but to believe you.
I don't have any proof Palmer.
It also makes God enormous.  I think of the scope of your universe Ellie... and it takes my breath away.  As it will everyone else's.
You're sure you want to?  In the universe I saw we're not exactly the stars of the show.  What happened to me makes us all seem pretty damn small.
They don't believe me.
I'm not sure it's come to that.
So.  I'm assuming they sent you here to administer last rites?
Pretty ironic huh?  I had to go all the way to the center of the galaxy... Just to find you.
It was quite a page turner.
I'm assuming you read my deposition.
And yet that's always how I seem to end up isn't it?  If you really do love me Palmer you'll leave.  Now.  Please.
Ellie there is no reason you have to be alone.
I can't hear this now --
Do you really think your life is meaningless Eleanor?  Is that why you're so quick to risk it -- because if your life means nothing then you have nothing to lose?
-- I don't know --
And then what?  Then you'll be safe?
Don't you understand?  I just have to hold it together -- just until tomorrow --
I'm in love with you Ellie.
What are my other options?  In fifty years?  Never?
Please Palmer -- if you care for me at all don't push this now --
What are you so afraid of?
I can't do this --
I'm sorry -- I can't --
Ellie what is it?
What is it?
Maybe that's okay.
I do seem to be... Maybe because I'm just a little bit terrified about tomorrow.
You're trembling.
During the crusades -- pilgrims who made the journey to the holy land brought back a palm frond to show they'd actually been there.  I thought it sort of made sense that Earth is now your holy land so...
Oh.  I brought you something.
The final countdown.
So.  The final countdown.
I remember.  You were indelicate indiscreet and entirely less than tactful... Sound like anyone you know?
Ellie... the last time we spoke... I said some things...
What if their answer is 'Oh that's easy.  A thousand years ago our world was in terrible shape our population out of control violent crime no food... so we called a general council and decided to eliminate the anit-social.  The weak.  The sick.  The unwanted.  And ever since we've been doing great.'
How do you mean?
An excellent question Doctor.  But what if we don't like the answer?
... Another question I would ask would be a very simple one.  How did you do it?  How did you evolve as far as you have and not destroy yourselves?
It's late.  We should go back.
What are you so afraid of Ellie?
It's getting late...
And yet you're willing to die for this cause the one thing that's given your life a sense of purpose. Don't you see the contradiction here -- ?
I don't know.  But as a scientist I have to consider that possibility.
Do you really believe your life is meaningless?
Maybe the reason people are having trouble finding meaning isn't because science has obscured it... maybe it's just revealed it isn't there.
I don't follow.
Did you ever stop to think that maybe that isn't science's fault but meaning's?
I don't consider you the enemy Ellie.  I'm not 'out to get' technology.  I only ask the question:  Does it have to have all the answers?  I look out there and I see so much emptiness... People are so starved for meaning and it's something they just don't seem to be getting from science.
I thought it was well-written. Heart-felt.  And a little bit naive... But that's just the enemy's perspective.
I won't deny I was ambitious.  When I had my... experience... I wanted to tell my story to as many people as possible.  I'm the first to admit that process included making some compromises.  You didn't answer my question.
I'm more interested in the story behind the story... How a young man goes from living on the streets of South Boston to being the best- selling media figure rubbing elbows with the President.
What'd you think?
Losing Faith:  The Search For Meaning In the Age of Reason. Catchy.
I read your book.
It's what my whole life's been... aimed at; the only thing that's given it a sense of purpose.
You're willing to die for this.
If you came back.  If you survived at all.  Which it's pretty certain you wouldn't.
And everybody you care about would be dead and buried.
Something like that.
If you came back... you'd only be four years older -- but over 50 years would have passed on Earth.
If you came back.
Relativity.  Explain this to me one more time... even if you traveled near the speed of light when you came back --
In other words.
In other words God is one hell of an engineer.
It's too... elegant.  The degree of economy is extraordinary; it's really the next logical step... Even on Earth technology has always aspired to a condition of nature. D.N.A. outclasses any computer we can come up with; the human body is the most exquisitely designed machine imaginable.
I don't think so.
Maybe you're creating a monster.
Not exactly.  It has organic qualities but we don't really understand how they're integrated with the mechanical systems.
Some of my best friends are scientists.  They're saying the machine is alive.
I was referring to the selectees mingling with the selectors.
Some of my best friends are scientists.
So.  Is this kosher fraternizing with the enemy like this?
Yes.  Very much.
Did you love him?
I never knew my mother.  My father died when I was nine.
Do you love your parents?
You may not believe this... but there's a part of me that wants more than anything to believe in your God.  To believe that we're all here for a purpose that all this... means something.  But it's because that part of me wants it so badly that I'm so stubborn about making sure it isn't just self-delusion. Of course I want to know God if there is one... but it has to be real.  Unless I have proof how can I be sure?
Look I'm a reasonable person and reasonably intelligent.  But this experience went beyond both.  For the first time I had to consider the possibility that intellect as wonderful as it is is not the only way of comprehending the universe. That it was too small and inadequate a tool to deal with what it was faced with.
And there's no chance you had this experience simply because some part of you needed to have it?
I had... an experience.  Of belonging.  Of unconditional love. And for the first time in my life I wasn't terrified and I wasn't alone.
Can you try?
... It's an old story.  I grew up in South Boston more or less on the streets.  By the time I was thirteen I'd tried my first hit of heroin by fifteen I'd stopped using but I was dealing full-time.  By the time I was nineteen I decided I didn't want to live any more at least not in a world like that.  One day I got on a bus; I got as far as Ohio before my money ran out and after that I just kept walking.  Didn't eat didn't sleep... just walked.  I ended up collapsing in a wheat field.  There was a storm... I woke up...  And that's about as far as words'll go.
Now you know.
That's not doubt.  That's four hundred years of science fighting a billion years of instinct.  I always wondered what you religious types did with your free time.
Only a tiny bit.  Even the most devout believer is allowed a little doubt.
I flinched.
So if I let the pendulum go when it swings back you wouldn't flinch.
And mind yes.  What are you --
And you believe this law with all your heart and soul.
That's not faith it's physics.  The second law of thermodynamics.
Your 'faith' tells you that the distance a pendulum swings from the vertical can never get bigger only smaller.
Very smooth.  It's Palmer right? Where I came from a palmer was a person who cheated at cards.  Really though... the Bible describes a God who watches over one tiny world a few thousand years old.  I look out there and see a universe of hundreds of billions of galaxies each with hundreds of billions of stars... I mean burn me for a heretic but your God seems awfully small.
'My father's house has many mansions.'
Well it's been a while but I don't recall the Bible saying too much about alien civilizations.
How do you mean?
What about you?  Doesn't all of this shake your faith at all?
Spoken like a true believer.
I guess I would've felt sorry for the universe.
And what would you have done if the odds had gone against you?
I'd say logic more than faith.  The odds were on my side.
... What I'm curious about are the wilderness years.  You're out there all alone no money mocked by the skeptics.  It must have taken tremendous faith.
Make that two.
Champagne please.
I'd have to say I don't know enough to have one yet.  For the moment I don't believe the two approaches have to be mutually exclusive.
And where exactly does that put your position...?
I agree with Mr. Rank that there are unavoidable religious implications here -- but I don't think it justifies taking an alarmist position.  Dr. Arroway is right -- their chosen means of communication was a scientific one and a scientific approach is probably appropriate at least until the theological dimensions of the problem become more apparent.
For managing the truth.  But the truth won't be managed sir.  It stops being the truth the moment you try.
Nobody is proposing we censor the truth here Doctor.  We're simply talking about putting a mechanism in place --
I guess I'd say I trust us enough to believe our response would be something to the effect of thanks for the advice but no thanks.  But to dilute or censor the truth for whatever reason --
How would you propose we handle it Doctor?
You kill me you really do.  The first truly global a-political event in history and you can't wait to spin it.
Y'know what?  Fine.  I guess if we want them to know the truth about who we are there's no quicker way to show them.
Dr. Arroway you are entitled to your opinion.  But we feel quite strongly that it would by both irresponsible and naive to send a human being into a completely unknown completely uncontrollable situation absolutely defenseless.
Call it xenophobic paranoia.  Don't you see the absolute absurdity of this?  This isn't about them it's about us -- our violence our fear and mistrust --
It's designed purely as a defensive device.  Call it a reasonable precaution.
I question the thinking behind sending the first ambassador to another civilization in armed -- basically announcing our intentions are hostile.
You have a question Dr. Arroway?
Have your department make a full report.
I don't know.  Maybe we built the damn thing wrong.  Maybe it was all a hoax...  The safest thing would probably be to do a Chernobyl; encase it in concrete.
Recommendations?
... as have all attempts at internal analysis.  We've tried sonargrams magnetic resonance gamma rays; it's completely impenetrable.
That's it Mike.  Last time I checked I was still running the country.  Although it seems that for the moment Dr. Arroway is running the planet.
Well.  That would seem to decide it. Like it or not for the moment anyway it looks like we're all in this together.
What is it?
Oh my God...
Looks like a helluva lot more than a make-over. Was there surgery involved?
Jennifer gave her a make-over.
No way is that the same chick. The other one was a dog.
Can we get some service here?
Waiter! She needs more water.
Yeah and when your woman says you're an ass say yes I have Abundant Sperm Syndrome.
My brother has an answer to PMS. A-S-S: Abundant Sperm Syndrome. A man gets sperm build-up and if his woman isn't givin' it to 'em he's gotta get it elsewhere.
I don't believe in PMS. Women made it up just so they can be bitchy.
I'm lucky Jen's not like that.
What's with her? If they're not bleeding they're PMSing. If they're not PMSing they're warning you about the impending doom. If you're lucky you get a sane person one week a month. Then you gotta date three or four women just to get some normalcy in your life.
Sorry about Frida. She's been friends with Jen forever.
That many women in one place -- nothing good can come from that.
It all starts with them going to the bathroom together.
Never felt better.
I mean body temperature. Do you have a fever?
I've been working out.
Wow your body's really hot.
Your lips look delicious.
Yeah but they looked cool...
Yul Brynner. They're all dead.
James Dean Humphrey Bogart...
Yeah yeah I know. Smoking kills. I'll quit someday. Doesn't it seem like all the cool people smoke?
You shouldn't smoke. It'll kill you.
I've changed a lot lately.
Sorry I didn't recognize you earlier. You look so different.
Yeah that's like a three bagger. Today a bag is also a condom so now a three bagger can be a chick that's really hot. So hot you gotta put several condoms on to dull the senses.
Don't apologize. It's great to see a woman really enjoying her food. I hate it when I buy a woman dinner and she won't even touch it.
Sorry don't mean to be wolfing down. I'm just starving.
Guess you like those Coyote Ugly steaks now huh?
Now it's menopause. She's always hot. I gotta wear a parka around the house cause she keeps it so cold. It's always something.
Does she have PMS?
No it's mom.
Sure. See ya.
God I hope so. Hey can I call you later? Peter's still here. He's in the shower.
Oh thank god. Maybe this whole thing is really over.
Never been better. Peter spent the night. I must really love him. He's still alive.
Frida? You okay?
Yes just check on me once a day for the next three days. Then the PMS should be over.
Sorry -- I shouldn't go on about myself at a time like this. Are you sure you're going to be okay?
I wish I only had your problems.
We were -- I was just so tempted... It was sort of a test. I think after sleeping with Benito I know I want to be with George. But now George knows about Benito and he doesn't want to be with me!
I thought you and George were getting married.
No he's the guy I'm having an affair with.
Did I kill a guy named Benito?
About Benito.
About Mark? Carlton?
I think George knows.
No. I won't let you do that.
No. I can't take that chance. I'd rather kill myself.
I guess you'll find out.
But how do I know if I really love Peter? And if he really loves me?
Remember what Madame Sconce said. If you love him he'll be fine.
I'm just afraid I'll hurt Peter. I think I love him.
You'll get through this. You were fine for over three weeks.
I tried to kill myself -- earlier. It doesn't work. I think I need silver bullets. So I got depressed and when I'm depressed I clean.
You scared the shit out of me. I thought you were killing yourself.
I'm cleaning my stove.
I think I already have.
Fall in love.
So what do I do?
What choice do we have?
So... she was a werewolf. Do you think we can believe all this?
The weird thing is... he shot her with a silver bullet.
Guess she never found true love.
She died at age 34 in the 1800's. They thought she was crazy. She was banished from her town. Seems her husband shot her.
Who is this Madame Sconce? Let's find her and talk to her.
Great so all I have to do is fall in love? Like I haven't tried that for the past 24 years.
Check out what I found.
We don't know you're a werewolf. It might never happen again. You have to get on with your life.
The thing is I really like him. I finally meet a guy I really like and I'm a fuckin' werewolf.
Maybe you should go out with him. If you keep avoiding him he'll get suspicious. Besides what better way to not get busted than to date the cop who's investigating you.
Peter keeps asking me out.
Symptoms include loss of emotional control compulsive behavior cravings crying spells...
So are you. Look go about your life. Act like nothing's wrong. We'll get to the bottom of this.
You're such a good friend.
Let's do some research. I'll check the libraries. You surf the web.
Probably for three weeks or so anyway. I'm not sure -- I don't get how it works.
Does that mean this whole thing is over?
I think I just got my period.
Well if he does he didn't give you away. He must really like you.
Peter knows something.
What the fuck are we going to do?
Tell them you'll meet them outside.
Fuck it's the cops. Peter saw me now I have to let him in.
You expecting someone?
You should have seen it erect.
At least I finally saw the reason you couldn't get over Mark.
Okay let's say that this is PMS- related. You think those male cops are going to understand that? You'll either be locked up for murder or locked up in the looney bin. We have to keep this hidden until we figure it out ourselves.
That's a terrible thing to say. Frida goes back to scrubbing the floor.
If you ask me the fucker got what he deserved. I'm glad he's dead.
I could smell another woman on him.
Why the fuck would you do that?
I think I turned into a werewolf and killed him.
You say murder but you have no idea what happened. You don't remember doing it so it's out of your control.
You're right. It's just I can't cover up a murder so George won't know you're cheating.
How could I? I'm helping you clean up Mark's remains and you ask how could I cheat on George?
You're cheating on George? Jennifer how could you?
There's kind of this guy I'm seeing.
What? Why'd you do that?
First of all you're my alibi. I told George I was with you last night.
Why not? There's been a murder.
DON'T call the police.
I should call the police. Oh no Peter. Peter is the police!
What happened to his tooth?
Yeah I guess. Mark?
He's been here all night?
I don't know... I'm spaced out... he was taking a shower... He must be still in there.
Did you get rid of Mark?
Holy shit I don't know.
I'm stopping by later. I'm worried about you. Bye.
Okay I gotta go.
Get rid of him!
Relax. Carlton was torn apart. No way could you have done that. Maybe you saw someone kill him and blocked it out... or...
Oh my god Jennifer. I should go to confession.
And he was missing an arm.
Frida Carlton's dead.
Shit I guess I missed work.
Tuesday. Are you okay?
I've been here. What day is it?
Frida? I was worried to death about you. I've called you for two days. Where have you been?
I don't know. You have to take Sammy. He's afraid of me.
Frida listen to yourself. If I said I was a werewolf would you believe me?
I haven't gotten it yet.
Maybe the blood was from your period like before.
It took me an hour to clean it up. That was not in my head!
You're delusional. Maybe you had a bad dream and bit your lip -- so you tasted blood. And the severed arm... well I don't see it and... maybe this is all in your head.
No last night I think I chased Carlton around as a wolf and killed him. I woke up with a taste of blood in my mouth and a severed arm in my bed. And my throat hurts.
You're a PMS werewolf. Of course. Frida are you on drugs?
Because of PMS I get hairy my nails turn into claws I eat raw meat I roam the city hunting for flesh. I've become a werewolf!
And what makes you think you killed a man?
I put it down the garbage disposal.
So where's this infamous arm now?
Frida you're not making sense. I can't come over right now.
Please come over. I'm begging you. What should I do with the arm? Should I call the cops or... Peter?
No! Not fucked him I think I killed him.
You fucked Carlton? See I told you he liked you.
Jennifer. A severed arm. It's bloody and... I'm not sure but it may be Carlton's.
There is a man's arm in my bed.
Frida this is a bad time. We're having sex and George actually answered the phone.
I look like fuckin' Chewbacca.
It's just cause mine is finer. A little bleach'll fix that.
Yes they are! Look how much more hair I have than you!
No they're not.
Oh my god look. My arms are so hairy!
No you don't believe me.
Geez I wish I'd get it like that.
I can't help it. My bra wouldn't even fit. I've been going to Victoria's Secret and exchanging bras for bigger ones and still I'm busting out. It's this PMS.
You might want to tape your nipples down next time. It's really distracting.
I still thought it was a purse.
It is so hot in here.
Charming Carlton.
I think he called you beautiful.
What did he say?
You're just saying that.
Well whatever it was seems to have worked cause you look great.
I started out on that eye-of-newt diet the doctor gave me and wound up in the tub covered in chocolate.
Great. George is meeting Carlton first for drinks. We can meet and go together. It'll be a blast.
Okay. I guess so.
No he didn't. Come on I don't want to be alone with those two. All they talk about is basketball and it bores the hell out of me.
Hey Carlton's in town -- come out with the three of us.
It's just as well. I'm afraid of getting hurt again. Mark seemed great at first too. I don't want to get too attached to Peter and then find out he's a creep.
Frida this hair thing is all in your head. You're using it as an excuse not to get close to anyone.
We almost slept together... and... then the hair started and I booked.
How'd it go with the cop?
I looked like an Italian man!
You have to stop being so self- critical Frida.
I'm freaking out. I'm like an animal and totally out of control. My arms keep getting really hairy.
What the hell is the tampon test?
Give him the tampon test.
I don't know much about him. How do you know if a guy is decent?
Hmmm. Sounds suspicious.
I don't think I've ever actually liked anyone I've dated before. Peter even likes me without makeup.
Frida I'm your friend. I'm not judging you... You didn't sleep with the creep did you?
I'm sorry. I didn't want you to think I was still a doormat.
Why didn't you tell me? You said you hadn't seen him for a month.
Um he stopped by yesterday before you came over.
Gross so this is Mark's flesh? When did you see him?
He wasn't wearing a ring. But you don't want to date a cop Frida. They're so blue collar.
I wonder if he's married.
Rule one: always wear make-up.
He was cute huh? Of course whenever I meet a guy I'm wearing no make-up.
Uh huh... good thing those cops didn't see that.
No Mark wears boxers. They must have been in the dryer already.
Are those Mark's?
My vision got worse again.
I thought you were going to stop wearing your glasses.
And my bra finally fits again.
At least your PMS is over.
I think I went in and fell asleep. I guess Gregory walked home and got killed! I blacked out.
He was trying to get into my apartment and... I know this sounds gross but I was so turned on. I grabbed him and kissed him!
What? Why the hell did he do that?
I couldn't stop eating steak. I felt out of control -- like I was making up for all those years being a vegetarian. I couldn't get enough. And then Gregory walked me home... and he peed in front of me.
I guess you're off that vegetarian kick you've been on for ten years.
I ate a burger in the afternoon and a steak and a half with Gregory.
Did you get smashed or what? You have to eat if you're drinking. And not just those little salads.
I don't remember. We kissed at my door and next thing I knew I woke up with my period. Alone.
You don't think so? You either did or your didn't.
No. I don't think so.
No did you fuck him?
Did I kill him? Of course not!
So did you do it?
To sound like big macho cops. He was probably just found with a knife in his back.
Why would they exaggerate?
I'm sure they were exaggerating.
And he was ripped limb from limb?
There you go blaming yourself for everything again.
He's dead? Am I bad luck or what?
Oh my glasses! Maybe my eyes got stronger from not wearing them.
Hey did you get contacts?
You are not Frida we all have a little hair there. I didn't even notice till you showed me. We can bleach that it's no big deal.
Holy shit I'm a freak.
I don't see anything. Maybe just a little.
Where? Where do you think a mustache would be. Look!
They better. Of course trouble is you never know what they'll expect for it. You gotta know what to order and what you're willing to do. Like if a guy spends a fortune on you he's gonna feel like you owe him something.
I never thought of it like that. I never know what to do on dates. Do guys still pay?
Maybe they have to pee.
You're so lucky you have George and don't need to go on dates anymore.
Maybe he likes you ever think of that? It's good for you to go out -- get your mind off Mark.
Why did Gregory ask me out? I mean he's cute -- he probably just wants to pitch his screenplay idea.
I kind of asked him to. We were you know... he got a little carried away...
George bit you?
What a bitch. You should see a doctor. That can be dangerous. George bit me once and I had to go to the emergency room.
I think she broke the skin.
Even on sale that stuff's a fortune. I worked all week to pay for a bra.
And she got the medium.
Can you believe she fuckin' bit me?
Frida grab that red one.
Where are all the mediums?
There's a sale. It's such a nice place -- classical music relaxing atmosphere. You deserve to pamper yourself. Come on it can't hurt.
I don't know.
It's not about him seeing you in it. It's how you feel. You'll feel sexy in lingerie and it'll show. It's an inner thing.
What do I need overpriced fancy underwear for? Shouldn't a guy have already decided that he likes me before he sees me in lingerie?
Okay just one more stop and you'll be all set. Victoria's Secret.
Or if your boyfriend's an asshole.
Or if there's a full moon.
Try to get through dinner without them. You have beautiful eyes.
No it grosses me out even thinking of putting something in my eye.
Can't you get contacts?
Only to see.
Do you really need these?
You're just saying that.
How about I give you a make-over? You'll feel better about yourself. You're actually pretty you're just not bringing it out.
I'd kill for just a little bloated.
I get a little bloated sometimes.
Sorry. It's just so bad lately. You're so lucky you never get PMS.
Frida I don't mean this as a criticism but you might not want to talk about PMS around men.
My date always pays more attention to you than to me.
Maybe he's just shy.
He hasn't said one word to me.
People notice you Frida.
I wonder what it's like being you. Being noticed all the time.
So don't look in his eyes.
I guess I have a weakness for him. It's those big brown Bambi eyes.
Every woman at some point has to date a musician. I wish you'd get rid of Mark for good. Every time you break up you see him more than when you were going out.
He's a very talented musician.
Your shrink always gives you bad advice. He only hears what you choose to tell him. Mark's an asshole he cheated he borrowed money and never paid it back he's never had a regular job.
My shrink says he's not so bad.
Anything's better than Mark.
Translation: a total geek.
Well that's not going to happen tonight. George said Carlton's a nice guy.
Yeah even then look what happened: Michael Mortenson kissed you and Billy Sullivan threw a worm at me.
Come on we've been double dating since the fourth grade.
I have cramps. I can't believe I let you talk me into this.
Yeah. Whip it out. You want me to see it -- that's what this is all about right?
So pee? Here?
Uh huh. So pee.
I wouldn't mind doin' something else but I do really have to pee.
You're just saying that to get into my apartment and then you're hoping that'll turn into something else.
Yes I do have to pee!
You don't have to pee.
Knock what off?
Oh come on. Knock it off.
That's okay. I just have to use the bathroom and then I'll leave.
My apartment's just such a mess.
I didn't have to pee then.
You should have gone at the restaurant.
I really gotta pee.
Well I have it worse than cramps. Goodnight Gregory.
They say sex is great for cramps.
No. Really I'm... I don't feel well. I've got terrible PMS.
Come on didn't all that steak make you thirsty?
I'm really tired.
Hey how about a little nightcap?
I'd really feel more comfortable paying for my half of the dinner.
That's great. Highly original.
Well whattdaya think?
You said you're starving. Come on I can't stand a woman who won't eat.
I'm not really hungry after all.
Man I'm starving too I think I'll go for the Surf and Turf.
You hungry?
No I'm serious. How about we have dinner and I tell you about it?
You're kidding really?
Oh a D-Girl. You know... I have a really great idea for a screenplay.
I do development for TV movies.
So you're Grant's secretary?
Take your shower.
I just need a place to lay low for a few days. Come on I know you hate me but you can't wanna see me at the bottom of the East River?
My bra is my biggest supporter.
Come on I'm your biggest supporter.
Somehow this winds up being my fault? You always blame me.
It's the truth. If you'd just loaned me the money last time this never would have happened.
You think that story's gonna make me loan you money?
These guys aren't the kind that'll take an apology. They're the kind that'll break my thumbs.
So pay them back and apologize.
I did something stupid. I had a courier job -- picking up a package from the airport. It turned out to be money -- so I kind of borrowed it to pay my rent and now these dudes are after me.
Come on Frida I'm not kidding. I'm totally fucked. Let me in.
This really isn't a good time.
It's a matter of life and death.
Frida? I hear you talking. I know you're in there. Let me in.
I'm kinda borrowing it. Who's this Mr. Date-Guy?
Where'd you get the bike?
I'm working on it...
You haven't even paid me back the thousand bucks you owe me!
Hey wait I paid three bucks for that burger. You owe me...
Yeah right... You better go.
Frida you know you're it for me.
Worried about what all your girlfriends might think?
OUCH that stings! Damn what am I going to do with my back like this?
I can't help it it smells so good.
Shit. And you're eating my burger? You don't eat meat.
Oh my god I'm sorry!
Look what you did!
You do though. You look really... is that a wonderbra?
You never say that.
You look different. I mean you look good.
Since when do you care?
What you got a date or somethin'?
Very well then. Is that all?
No. I quit. Take your lame ass ideas your fake ass toupee your fat ass wife and your ugly ass kids and shove them.
Uh... yes. Not for us. No woman in jeopardy. Find me Dr. Quinn Medicine Woman. Find me a true story about a crazed killer stalking beautiful women.
Mr. Grant. Did you read that script I was talking about?
I'll make a note of that. Put the coverage on my desk.
I think we should do something with strong female characters...
Yes that's what we're looking for.
I can't read any more crap. These women are all victims.
Did you change your hair?
Coffee and...
On your desk.
Script coverage?
On your desk.
The Nielson's?
Here's a towel.
I'm going to take a shower.
I know. The important thing is that it stop.
I'm so sorry... I... I couldn't help it. You know I didn't mean to... to do any of that.
No way can anything be proved. All they have are some wolf hairs. No one believes in werewolves.
What about... those guys... I might have...
Sure. Cheating lying. What's a little werewolf a few days a month? We can move out to the country where you can feed off deer.
Worse than this?
We can work this out. Other couples have worse problems.
Maybe we should have children. I don't think I'd kill the father of my child.
I knew you wouldn't kill me.
I'm staying here with you tonight. There's no getting rid of me.
No. It doesn't work that way. Men can't get PMS. Unfortunately.
Can't you bite me and then I'll be like you?
Be careful!
I have the silver bullets in case I need to protect myself. Does that make you feel better?
I can't take that chance... I couldn't live with myself if I did anything to you.
I don't think you would. No matter what form you take.
How do you know?
I don't think you'll hurt me.
Peter I love you too but...
I'm not afraid. Frida! I love you.
Go away. I might hurt you.
I knew you wouldn't believe me! Just go away. Go very far away!
If you don't like me just say so. You don't have to make up some bullshit like you're a werewolf.
No you can't. It... it gets so bad that I become a werewolf.
Yes your PMS. Frida I can deal with that.
You want the truth? Remember I tried to tell you something the other day?
You at least owe me the truth.
Yes or no? Frida can't you just be honest with me?
Yes sort of. I mean no not really.
What? Is there someone else?
NO! Don't come over. Peter... I... I don't want to see you anymore. Ever.
Frida? You okay? Look I think I know what happened to Mark. I want to help. I'm coming over.
No. But I don't mind hairy. Are you okay?
I did shave... Do I seem hairy? Peter laughs.
No it's a good thing. I like it. Everything about you is great. I like how you don't shave your legs. Women are so much sexier when they're natural.
They do? Oh no...
Your breasts feel larger.
I loaned him to Jennifer. George moved out and she was lonely...
You know I've never seen your cat.
They're for my cat. I use them to train him not to rip up paper.
What's with the squirt guns?
I love you too.
You didn't say it.
Like I had to say it? No I wanted to say it.
Is that how you feel?
Is it that funny?
No my bite's a lot worse.
You can't mean that. I'm sure your bark is worse than your bite.
Interesting possibility.
Speaking of Mark -- we've tried to track him down and there's no sight of him. Vanished into thin air. I got a hunch he fled the country.
No but thanks for the warning.
Did I tell you I have the worst sense of humor and I make bad jokes at totally inappropriate times?
What's that supposed to mean?
Except Mark of course.
Yeah every guy you date winds up dead.
I just don't know if I should be dating anyone right now.
I thought we were starting something... and then... I know it's unorthodox I mean with you being involved in the case and all.
What happened?
What happened?
No I got it. It's okay.
I need to talk to you. About us. Frida... I... Can I carry your box?
Yeah sort of. Where's Lloyd?
Frida. I was looking for you. You changing jobs?
He was ripped to shreds also. In his apartment.
Still haven't figured out how he or anyone else pulled that off. Never seen anything like it.
But you said the bodies were ripped to pieces?
Mark wouldn't hurt a fly.
No no... But Mark -- a jealous boyfriend gone mad. Maybe he kills men you date.
It wasn't a date. Jennifer invited me along to dinner with them.
You had a date with Carlton?
Uh... the buzzer's broken. I'll be down in a second.
Frida can we come in? We need to talk to you. It's important.
A man killed in Central Park.
Everything okay?
NO! I... I checked when I put my stuff in. I always look through the washer first.
You sure? It's my favorite shirt mind if I check?
No. Nope nothing in it.
Was there anything in that washer?
I'm sorry -- I'm on edge today.
No. I was doing my laundry.
Oh my god you scared the shit out of me. You following me again?
Frida wait. Don't go. We can just sleep. I just want to wake up with you.
No. No I'm fine. Maybe I should go. I mean... I don't want our first time to be like this.
I mean we can still... whatever... Maybe I should get a towel?
My period? No.
Oh nothing's wrong. Just... well don't you have your period?
What's wrong?
Okay you busted me.
I'm a cop -- I notice everything. That drawer's ajar that picture's been moved about an inch the closet wasn't closed when I left...
Oh just my wolf paraphernalia. Some people collect beanie babies... I collect silver bullets.
What are they for?
Silver bullets. A collectors item. These are very valuable. They were melted down from a crucifix.
What are those?
Yeah. Maybe.
Thanks for the walk. Maybe we could... get a bite sometime?
I really gotta get going.
He's bad news. He cheated on me he insults me. Now suddenly he gets jealous if I have a date.
Me neither. That's why I wear briefs... So why did you and... Mark break up?
Cool. I don't get guys who wear boxers. My ex wore boxers. I never got how he could wear khakis and not have his boxers bunch up.
How about you? Briefs or boxers?
Yeah but a guy hung like a horse would need briefs to keep things in line.
A lot of people don't wear underwear.
You know how moms always tell you to wear clean underwear in case you're in an accident? Well this guy wasn't wearing any underwear.
Sometimes it's frustrating. Like this Gregory Jameson case. We don't even know what killed him. I'm putting together little details to see if we're missing something.
I've read scripts about detectives but never met one. Must be wild.
The weird thing is I've had an odd morbid fascination with wolves ever since.
I'm so sorry Peter. Gee that sure puts my problems in perspective.
We lived in northern Minnesota. She went for a walk one night and they never found her body -- just her torn apart clothes with her blood and wolf blood on them. Then the town rounded up bunch of hunters and shot all the wolves in the area.
Oh my god by wolves?
I've had time to get over it. She was killed by wolves they think.
No she died when I was twelve.
Used to? Did it stop finally?
My mom used to get PMS too.
I can forgive you a bestseller.
It's stupid.
No really I love knowing what people read.
Oh it's nothing.
So what book did you buy?
Okay well. Maybe some other time. They continue walking together.
No. Really. I don't drink coffee anymore. I used to love it but my tastes have changed recently.
Some decaf then? That was stupid. Obviously you said you were staying away from caffeine as a nice way of blowing me off.
I'm trying to stay away from caffeine.
You wanna get some coffee?
There's a lot of that going around.
That's my ex. He's an asshole. In case you couldn't tell. I think he's been following me.
Being a cop has such a warm effect on people.
At least let me give you this back. I washed it.
I gotta get going. Peter gets the pillowcase out of his bag.
Intriguing?
No... no... this is embarrassing. I was returning your pillowcase... and I saw you cross the street... and I sort of started following you. I just find you really intriguing. I don't know why.
Are you following me?
You busted me.
Okay if you think of anything else please give us a call.
I wish I could help but last I saw Gregory was outside my front door.
We... he walked me home and... we said goodnight. Um he kissed me goodnight and that was it.
When's the last time you saw him?
Cause I'm a fucking werewolf!!
We didn't have sex.
Dreams about killing usually signify feelings of guilt. You had sex last night and you feel guilty.
I don't know. I don't remember doing it.
And how did you feel when you ate this guy?
I ate a guy last night.
Let's explore this. What makes you feel you're a werewolf?
I think I'm a werewolf.
Oh I see... interesting theory.
That I'm a doormat of course. The shrink makes more notes.
Packages of money.
No he's not. He's a courier. He picks up packages from the airport.
No I have a cat.
You got a dog?
No. We left the restaurant and... and I felt sick... so... so I took a cab home. Alone.
What makes you think I was the last one?
Seems you were the last to see Carlton alive. And the last to see Gregory alive.
Yes Jennifer told me. What does that have to do with me?
You heard about Carlton Fraser?
No take it.
We can get a warrant if you like.
No I said it was our first date.
A kiss? Did you have sex with him?
Looks like it was your only date. Unless you go to his funeral.
No it was our first date.
Did he come home with you? Did you go to his apartment?
Yes... I... we had dinner.
Oh my god what happened?
It's about Gregory Jameson. He's dead.
She's my best friend. I gotta be there for her -- no matter how crazy it sounds. I've been in some bad relationships and she's been there for me. She's lonely. If pretending she's a werewolf helps then more power to her.
You can't believe this bullshit.
Take some allergy medicine.
Oh great. What the fuck am I supposed to do?
Don't be stupid George. Obviously if she's a werewolf she can't be around a cat. She might eat it and besides cats are afraid of wolves.
You have some weird friends. What does her thinking she's a werewolf have to do with us having the cat?
It's so bad she becomes a werewolf.
I'm supposed to put up with a fuckin' cat I'm allergic to cause your friend's got PMS?
Tell her I'm eating.
It's for you. Frida.
So now being with Frida is lucky? I thought you said she was a flake.
Carlton insisted on leaving with her. Maybe he got lucky.
I wonder how Frida and Carlton are getting along?
She'll talk about PMS and stare at her salad.
She's just insecure. Once you get to know her she's fabulous.
She's just so... pathetic.
Come on I've been working with Frida. Carlton won't even recognize her now. She's really coming out of her shell.
Yeah and when we're mad at each other we're out of sync. It only works if you're on good terms.
He was saying that when women are close friends they get their periods at the same time.
Two bags for them and one bag for your head in case her two fall off.
He's been running money for the Mafia.
See he was cheating from the get go.
I don't know I guess the outfits are cool. And I want a big gun.
Why would you want to be a cop?
I was thinking about becoming a cop myself. Do you take a test or something or just sign up?
We can just take this pillowcase.
You want her sheets?
We're just trying to figure out what happened.
How the hell is that your business?
Yeah sorry. Uh... Gregory's roommate told us you were out with him last night.
Jesus Christ she got her period. Relax guys. It happens.
Can't figure out the species. Similar to a wolf. They're jokin' at the lab that a werewolf probably killed him. Ain't that the stupidest thing you ever heard?
What kind of animal?
Just this morning. Animal hairs were found all over the victims.
Did we get those DNA tests back?
And that was 28 days ago today.
So... they're on some cycle. The murders... Gregory... then 28 days later... Carlton.
She says she's on the rag every time I get called in to investigate a murder.
What makes her think that?
My girlfriend's predicting another murder in the next few days.
Which brings up an interesting point. I wasn't following you. I was following the suspect. And you just happened to be there...
What the fuck are you following me for? I'm not a suspect here.
I know. I followed you. To the zoo to her house to your house...
What are you talking about?
And fifth you're dating her.
Okay Lloyd. First no way does Frida have the physical strength to tear a guy to shreds. Second why would she be so obvious and let it be known she was the last one to see these guys? Third she's the one in danger. She's a woman in jeopardy and you're layin' a murder rap on her. Fourth I look in her eyes and know she's no killer.
It has to be Frida. This makes three guys ripped apart who are tied to her ass.
Hard to tell. Looks like he's been cleaned up and he's decomposing as we speak. This case gets weirder by the minute.
You think mafia hit?
Like a vampire or some shit?
It's like some fucking monster dropped out of the sky and killed these dudes.
It's a bit farfetched that Mark would rip guys to shreds just outta jealousy. This makes no sense.
Spencer's the key here. Frida is in no way associated with him. And her blood hasn't matched with any of the killings.
One of our only leads... You had dates with both men right before they were killed.
Seems he's stolen money from them. He's desperate and our only lead.
This one walk you home too?
He means the last that we know of.
She wasn't the last one to see them alive. Whoever killed them was.
Yeah okay. I still say Frida's involved. She's the last one to see two dudes alive...
Deal. And if some mutherfucker's about to blow me away shoot him.
Poseur was missing a chunk of his neck. And his eyes were open. That always bugs me out. Do me a favor if some mutherfucker's about to blow me away remind me to close my fuckin' eyes.
The park dude was missing an arm.
Nah East Village poseur was grosser than the dude in the park.
You take the cake Lloyd. Come on she's not here. Let's check out her psycho ex.
Sounds like you got a conflict of interest.
She's not a suspect. What is her motive? There's nothing NOTHING connecting her to either crime except that she dated both guys.
She's got a hidden pitbull. Maybe she hired someone to kill them.
Okay Lloyd you tell me how she killed them.
This is more than fishy this chick dates a dude and he winds up dead.
We only live a few blocks apart.
I still don't get when you gave her back the pillowcase.
And he was missing an arm.
He was found nearly ripped to shreds in Central Park.
And you think I'm sick?
Hairy women are kind of sexy. Women in their natural state.
Back in the '80's. You didn't see the pictures? They were from before she got famous. She was hairy as hell. Her pits her bush.
Madonna's in Penthouse?
Waiting for DNA tests. He was hairier than Madonna in Penthouse.
Maybe. What about all those hairs they found on his body?
I checked all the zoos. No missing animals. You think a pitbull?
She was never a suspect Lloyd. Some animal must have done this.
Hey there was a lot of blood.
I told you she was innocent.
Frida's sheets checked out fine. It was just her own blood. From her... you know.
Nah man I'm just saying you should never date a woman who was the last one to see a guy alive.
I can tell she's not a killer. You just don't like her cause you have a hang up about menstruation.
No man. Blood is not a turn on. You sure let that Frida off the hook. You weren't even going to take the sheets. If I didn't know better I'd think you liked her.
Oh so you decide to be a cop? Seriously? You don't have sex with a woman cause she's on the rag?
Hell no I'm not into that shit. The sight of blood makes me sick.
That dude was torn limb from limb. No way a woman like that could have done it. You never seen blood on a chick's sheets from her period?
I didn't trust her. All that blood on the sheets. She may look sweet but she could be a wolf in sheep's clothing. Something's weird.
Torn apart. Limb from limb. A bloody gruesome mess.
He was found a few blocks away.
Hey you hear about the chick that came in today? Said some chick bit her at Victoria's Secret. Bitches are outta control these days.
You're some catch Lloyd.
You kiddin'? They try to get ME drunk.
Man you're livin' dangerously. Let me ask you somethin' you always have to get women drunk before they'll sleep with you?
Nah I don't wanna break up with Wanda I just wanna see Carmen too.
Yeah Im like that.  Senility says the wife.  But she sure cant complain.  Heh.  The erector set still works good.  And this aint no fucking rug! Ghead.  Feel it!  All mine!
Not really...
Mnunn.  Cold lately.  That night couple weeks ago.  That was <u>real</u> cold.  Remember that?
Nope.  No maps.  Ocean huh?  On vacation?
The city.  I need to get to the ocean.
Only two bucks.  Shave as well...
Thanks.  Just some pills.
Looks like you need a haircut to me.
I need something to keep me awake.
Well sir...  I don't know exactly.
How will we interrogate them?
They don't speak English...
No one available.
Jesus.  Small world.  Where's the photographer?
The other one?
All the same entry wounds.  It's definitely him.  She lives...  lived here.  A prostitute.
I <u>know</u> it's his doctor...  I need the file on..  Daniel Paul Schreber M.D.
Says he is the man's doctor...  You know...
What's he doing here?
Spinning backwards?
Maybe ten minutes...  Thats strange.
How long have you been here?
I'm afraid so.
Was that for real down there?
You wouldn't believe me if I told you Inspector.  Have patience  - you'll see for yourself.
What is this place?
Just like that?
I think it's time you introduced us to your little friends.
Please they'll kill me...
You are mistaken.
That's surprising.  He was leaving your office at the time...
I don't know what you're talking about.
I met a friend of yours the other night doctor.  Tall fellow.  No hair.  Rather pale skin...
Loose ends?
To tell you the truth I'm glad we've run into each other like this.  Maybe you can help me tidy some loose ends.
Yes of course.  Everything's fine...
You seem a little edgy.  Everything okay?
He's seriously disturbed...
Really?  And how is his state of mind?
Just visiting my patient.
Doctor!  What brings you here?
Shut up!  Everybody stay calm...
He tried to kill me!
Police.  Nobody move.
Bumstead you're starting to annoy me.  This case is very important to me.  Just a little warning:  I've got my eye on you inspector remember that.
How could you have been so stupid?
Yes sir.  I'm sorry...  But I don't understand how it was possible.  The only window was twenty feet up a vertical wall he was cuffed...
Yes.  That's right.  He's ill  -  he needs expert help.
What makes you think that!  If you would learn to concentrate on facts not get so side-tracked  -  you might get things done faster Bumstead...
Lost something?
Actually I was wondering sir if you could let me have a few uniforms to follow up for me...
Ill be the judge of that.  Anything else?
Its extremely important to my investigation...
A hunch.  He might be able to...
Why do you want to speak to him?
Shes getting better thanks.  She...
Thompson suffered a kind of severe delusion or some damn thing.  Anyway he isnt with us any longer.  The case is yours.  Go through his files. Take what you need.  By the way hows your mother?
What about Thompson sir?  Wasnt this his case?
I see.  One things for sure hes ambitious. Youll be a busy man from now on.
Germs sir.  These places are full of them.
Why are you wearing that thing on your face?
Yes.  This way.
Good evening sir.
All the important stuff.  Wrap it up for me.
Yes sir.  <u>Everything</u>?
I need everything on the Jonathan White case.
Put it through...
Won't say.  Says he must talk to you.
Well be more careful please.
Do you wash your hands before you type things?
Im sorry...
How can I submit this?
<u>Fine</u>?  Look here!
It seems fine.
Wrong?  Look at this!
Yes sir.  Anything wrong?
You typed this report?
You wont regret this sir.
Ive taken the liberty and had Inspector Thompsons office searched as I believe you instructed.  All clear now sir.  They found several more traps and things were filed under pretty strange categories... Poor man.
The Chief-Inspector thought you might need a hand.
I didnt requisition a secretary.
Im your new assistant.
Patricia Crenshaw.
Dont ever sneak up on me like that! Who are you?
This ocean business...  I know where I can find a map.  I need to go back to the station.  Where will you be?
It sure isn't the fun-fair.
Where do you think this goes?
Why that's ridiculous.  You just...
Well.  The only thing I've been certain of all this time is that I need to get to the ocean.  The point is no one seems to know how to get there.
That's right.  Just seamless flesh across the front of their heads.  No mistake.  I just hadn't remembered it that way.  Up until then they had been normal little girls in my memory.  That's not all.  Once I started examining them all sorts of things about my life had... inconsistencies.  It was like a game. I would think about a person or a place or an event.  Then I would turn the lights off.  Sit down in a comfortable chair...  And study each detail of this subject.
They didn't have faces.
Don't know much do you?
Don't know that either.
Why are they after you?
I don't know who they are.
People...  after me.
I woke up in a subway.  I don't know how I got there.
That was a pretty good escape act at the station.  How did you do that?
I  -  ah - couldn't think of anything else to do.  I thought maybe you know something...  I'm scared.
Why give yourself up?
Where are we going?
A few days...  a few weeks  -  dunno I can't remember.  Worse thing is I never know if it will change back again...  Now please leave me alone.
But...  How long has this been happening?
No...  No doctor...
Jesus!  We have to get you to a doctor...
What is going on?
Is that your idea of a joke?  I don't remember...  Take my advice Bumstead.  Get off this case.  Now.
What?  Who has?
They've taken my mind my memories...
Not that.  Anything else.
I'm on the serial killer case need to talk.
Can't let you in...  sorry.
It must be a closet or something.
Where does it lead?
You see it?
No.  Have a look.
Such a joker!  Like your father.
There.  Behind the cabinet.  Where does it go?
What is that door?
Look!  This is a good one!
Shut up freak!  Monster!  You are insignificant.
I didn't realise...
Wait this isn't fair...
I see.  The verdict yes...
A book of delusions.  Anything else?
Everyone has a job  -  a function.  Each one teaches you more about your invention.  I'm what is called a <u>murderer</u>.
A fanciful idea Mister White.
Dont kill me!
Just let me sit here for a moment? Ill go soon and stop bothering you.
I see.  Then who is after you?  What sins have you committed?
No.  I mean...  that isnt necessary.
Then we must call the police.
Someones after me.
You seem restless.
No.  I ah...
We are...  living in their dreams...
What is it?
I'm...  being...  punished.
What happened to you?
Nothing.  I don't know anything!
What are you hiding?
No it isn't.  <u>You</u> are doing it!  Now raise it over the glass and...
It's a trick.
Don't ask stupid questions.  Look at it.
Please!  Don't be foolish!  Time is short.  Let me show you something. Look at this syringe.
You've been working too hard.
Everyone get's one  -  very much like this...  But this one's special.  It will help you understand everything...
Not that again...
If you would only take this inject it in your brain everything would be much clearer.
So you're telling me the truth <u>this</u> time?  Is that it!
No it's the truth.
You're a liar!
You can't go yet.  We've got so much to talk about...
I have to go...
What are you doing?
I don't blame you for getting angry. You are in a frustrating situation. You must be patient though.  Trust me completely.  I'm here to help.
I'm sorry.  About before.
Can I get my life back?
Anything <u>but</u> my friend.
I'm nothing then.
We are little more than a sum of memories.  From them we reference who we are where we're going.  Without a past we are nothing.  This is why you are so interesting.
You remember nothing eh?  Let me show you something.
Horrible...
Not exactly.  She was found in a canal disembowelled.  Throat cut. Blood drained.  The body wrapped in a bed-sheet.
Did she drown?  The woman you told me about?
I told you I can't remember a thing!
I cannot say...  You don't know the answer to that?
Known me for long?
That's right.  I <u>am</u> your doctor.
You're supposed to be my doctor right?
If you like.
Tell me about them...
Bad dreams?
That's what people keep telling me.
Your name is John White.
Asks my name.  Over and over.  Just like a broken record.  Only thing is I can't answer.  I've no idea what my name <u>is</u>.
What does she say?  The woman.
Waves...  A beach.  A woman whispering.  That's all.  I need to stay awake.  Do you have any pills?
You think I haven't been trying!  It's like there was never anything there.  Just water.
Ah that would be cheating wouldn't it?  Is there nothing <u>you</u> remember?  Not even a detail?   You must try.
You know something about me?
You remember nothing?  Who you are? What you've done?
That's easy.  You...
How do I get there?  Tell me.
They're dead John.
I can't do that.  It's dangerous. What about my parents?  Do you know where I can find them?
Of course you are.  You couldn't do those terrible things.  Come home with me  -  maybe things will make sense then...
How do you know I'm innocent?
It's the truth...  I need you.  I know you're innocent.
I thought it would make more sense. I'm getting the pieces but when I put it together it feels like... Like you're telling me about somebody else's life...
Nooooo. Believe me. There are no others...no rebels...nobody...it's over...it's ooooo....
How did you know we were on this island? Do others know? Will others come?
To look...look for a place...a place to live in...an empty place...a... new...place...
Then why did you come here?
There are no...headquarters. There are no...rebels. Only the walking dead. Don't you see. They have won.
Where are your headquarters rebel? Tell me or I'll let you hang there forever...FOREVER!
The mainland...is dead...a dead place...nobody there...
I don't believe you rebel. Where are your headquarters? On the mainland?
Two of us...only two of us...me...and him. 
I'll bargain with you. How many of you are on the island?
NO...NOOOOOOO...SHOOT ME! SHOOT ME! SHOOOOOOOOOT MEEEEEEEEE!!!
After hanging up there a few days you will be mad for food...crazed! You will lust for it! YOU WILL BE WORSE THAN ANY OF THEM!
And if I don't? If I don't you'll come back after your death. You'll come back and find yourself hanging there...wanting to eat...needing to eat human flesh. You hate that thought don't you? That's the ultimate sin for most of you fools isn't it?
Please....shoot me.
Maybe. We'll have a little talk first. Then....maybe...I can help you out. String him up.
Please...senor...destroy me...one bullet...please.
It can't be. Are we truly in hell?
Let's just....wait a minute. Get a better look.
What do we do? Let'em know we're here....or what?
It's some kind of....elevator. There must be something under the ground here....maybe....military.
I dunno. Landing pad for a helicopter? I dunno.
What is it?
No. I didn't stop the infection in time. I know.  Don't worry. When he dies I won't be like Maria. I'll shoot him.
His madness....could be from shock.
Help me get him to the boat.
Hmmmmmm? Oh yes. Go on.
You'd hold us back. We have to go on.
Oh yes. Quiet. Yes. We must be quiet.
I know it hurts. But it won't be long. Then all the pain will be over. Oh I wish you could hear me. GOD GIVE HER THE EARS TO HEAR ME SO SHE KNOWS I DON'T WANT HER TO HURT SO!
I have looked bad for four years. Everyone in the world has looked bad for four years. Thank God looks don't matter as much as they once did.
Are you alright Doc? You look... you look real bad.
The tunnel.
What is it?
You'll find the ways Miss Mary. And when ya do...we'll sail on over to the mainland...or any other damn mainland fer that matter...and start us a recruitin' program. There's millions o' Bees out there jus' waitin' fer' a General ta lead 'em on ta vict'ry!
It's not a very big army. And small as it is you won't be able to continue feeding it for very long. We've got to find ways of getting them to respond without relying on...
There's no place like this place. Warm climate. This facility. Christ there ain't nothin' like this no-damn-where! Even the Feds knew that. That's why they stored so much o' their shit down here. It's all mine now. All mine. Just let 'em try ta come after us down here which they will some day...take a likin' ta what all we got an' come after us. They'll hafta get past my army! An army that ain't afraid ta die...ha ha ha...'cause it's awreddy DAID! HA HA HA HA....
We think there are other cities surviving. We think maybe Detroit... there's some signalling out of Philly.
The great state of Florida. People came here fer years ta die. Retire and expire. The rest o' the country used ta think we was nothin' but a bunch o' farts and fogies. Hah! Now this here's the new Capital o' the World! Hah! They came here...died...went to hell...and the Devil sent 'em back as an army. Hah! General Gasparilla's army...MY ARMY!
That's right. 'Bout eight if that suits. We'll start out in my gymnasium an' progress on from there...to various other forms o' physical therapy.
gonna change young lady. Now if you still got a statement you'd like ta make you can jus' hold onto it 'til tonight.
Listen Missy. I am the only due process that has ta be served aroun' tyere and one of the people doin' the servin' from now on is gonna be you. Now you been prancin' aroun' the Cave like yer ass was glass fer long enough! All that's
I'm sorry General if I...spoke out of turn. It's just that...Mr Tyler is not here to defend himself. He has no representation. I don't believe due process is being served by...
Now I think Captain's punishment is fair considerin'. In fact I think you ain't got shit ta complain about.
SIDDOWN YOUNG LADY! I DONE YUP A SHIT-LOAD O' FAVOURS AND I AIN'T NEVER YET ASKED FER NOTHIN' IN RETURN! NOW HOW'D YOU LIKE TA SPEND TWO WEEKS UP T'THE VEGETABLE FARM YERSELF? THAT'S WHAT IT'LL BE IF YA DON'T SIDDOWN AN' SHUT THE HELL UP!
THIS IS A TRAVESTY! CAPTAIN RHODES IS...
SHUT UP MISS HENRIED! I TOL' YA B'FORE!
Sir. It's quite clear that...
MISS HENRIED SHUT THE HELL UP!!!
...Captain Rhodes is trying to...
Miss Henried I think you better...
Well you managed ta make it here jus' in time fer this case didn't ya?
I'm sorry. I was...busy. In the lab.
Well Miss Henried what a coincidence. You're just in time fer a case that seems ta concern you. Guess you didn't care about the other proceedin's we been dealin' with here this mornin'.
Forever darlin'. Forever. 'Til he turns ta dust and blows away on the wind.
How long do we have to watch him?
It's...he was...one who came to the island with me.
What is it?
We're only about a quarter-mile from Cave entrance number five.
Looks like just two. We can take 'em when the time comes.
There's hundreds of 'em. Right where we landed our boat.
We always planned to use it. We got some ground up already...but we could never find enough.
Datura! Miguel knew it! Datura he was shouting! Datura Metel!
Datura Metel. The Devil's Trumpet. Don't worry. I ain't goin' religioso again. It's a flower that grows on these islands. Where I come from the voodoo priests used it whenever they needed a Mickey Finn. It's toxic. Ground up you can put it in a drink or inject it...or...in a sealed area it might be introduced through the ventilation system.
Toby's right. They're not gonna sit around with their fingers up their asses while we bust up their toys.
He's just finding another reason for bumpin' us off. Don't ya see. He needs us ta die. He needs our bodies.
Let me go! I'm the one he wants. This is all happening because of me. If I turn myself in...
You disappear in here darlin'. You get a knife in yer belly or too much shit in yer veins. You get lost out here and nobody's gonna notice. Rhodes he counts on that. It all makes for food in the freezers.
They seem to be havin' a good time. Some punishment.
No. They just try to hold you for ransom. Fuck you Moses! I'm outa here!
Farther than you think. You'll get lost. You will. And there's Bees all through the jungle. I ain't lyin' to ya. Religiosos don't lie.
I can find it myself. I didn't come that far.
You think you can find your boat? There's a thousand little inlets and backwaters all through here. You remember all the ways you turned to get where you are now? You leave yourself a trail?
Look. I BEEN fightin' mister. I been fightin' for what feels like a hundred years and I'm finished. I don't need religion. I don't need prayers. I need a couple guns and a couple hands. We can sail on outa here. Find another island where there ain't so much....traffic.
That's why we didn't use prayers on this here white coat 'til after he was destroyed. We ready to fight when we have to. And we gotta fight now.
Oh what did I run into? A bunch o' Jesus nuts? Religiosos? Prayer won't stop a bullet from one of those storm troopers and prayer won't keep one of those monsters from eatin' your liver for lunch.
I'm sure that's true miss. And that's why we're doin' what we're doin'. What's happenin' underground here is just what Lucifer planned for this sinful race o' man. But we're gonna beat Lucifer. We're gonna put an end to what's happenin' here.
We thought we were escaping here. We thought we'd found an uninhabited island. Christ! This place is a worse nightmare than anything I've seen yet!
That sounds like a curse to me.
It's a disease. It's a...a bug...a parasite that infects the brain.
What is it if it ain't a curse?
How we gonna break the curse without a prayer or two.
The man I was with...until today... believed that praying was for blind men who couldn't see the truth.
I know you can. Like I said we been watchin' you.
Thanks. I can fight my own battles.
Captain Rhodes and his Red Coat Bees. They could sting sister. We know you came up against 'em. We been watchin' you since you landed. Couldn't help. I'm sorry for that. We ain't supposed to be outside. If we was spotted it could....well it could be the end of everything.
We ran up against a platoon of soldiers. There were actually walking dead...in uniform...with guns.
That's the man. He's been holed up here ever since the shit hit the fan. Him and his family owned these islands 'round here. They was leasin' this one to the Fed. The whole underneath is dug out. There was missiles here and laboratories and bomb proof housing nuclear power all o' that. Now this is Dickerson's....Gasparilla's... private fortress. Him and a bunch o' his cronies from all the best golf courses in Tallahassee...and his private army of course.
Governor Dickerson? Of Florida?
He was a pirate who sailed these waters long ago. His name is bein' borrowed these days by the long lost Henry Dickerson.
Gasparilla?
Bees. That's what we call the dead... the walking dead...here on Gasparilla's island.
What you wanna do?
That's the general alarm. Jesus! They musta got in!
Come on. Let's go.
That entrance is closest to the labs and the Bee cages.
I say it's poetic. Pure calypso brother. The Devil's Trumpet blowin' the notes o' doom for the Devil's troops. Ha ha ha ha ha...
If you could knock out the central communications room you could foul up their whole intercom system. Then if you move fast enough stay ahead of 'em...without bein' able to signal each other they might have a hard time catchin' you.
Quicker than gas. And it smells a lot prettier. It usually don't kill but it puts ya under fer a good night's sleep.
This stuff really works? No shit?
A direct hit'll blow the top off this whole island! How're you gonna fuse the stuff? How're you gonna leave yourself time to get out?
We know what's down there. We did the loading' and unloadin' when the stuff came ashore in the early days. A direct hit oughta do more than a few weeks worth o' damage.
We're gonna blow up the powder magazine.
Oh no. I'm tryin' to get off this island alive. I'll help you all I can but I'm not goin' in there on a suicide mission. What can you hope to accomplish? Some radios maybe? A supply room or two? You'll all be killed and in a few weeks they'll be back to business as usual. That place was built to withstand nuclear attack! What are you gonna do with a half-dozen guns and a few sticks of nitro?
We're hopin' you can show us where ta go Toby.
It won't work. That's pure nitro you're dealin' with there. That stuff can blow if you look at is funny. What're you gonna do walk into the Cave carryin' those tubes on feather pillows? You don't have a complete layout of the place. Even if you manage to avoid a fight you won't know where to go.
I got some fuel comin' out and I hope some automatic rifles.
I say we got a boat. Can you get other stuff?
We got a boat.
There ya go. Complete with air canisters...little motors.
He's my contact for Chrissake! There's two crates. Can you get me into the hospital?
What'dya tell that soldier soldier? You tell him we was rebels?
Yeah. My stuff's all marked with red crosses so nobody gets too nosey. Meet me at the hospital after the supplies come in. Maybe we can find a place there to talk.
The hospital? 
I'm gonna have this stuff sent over to the hospital...
Look...I know you have no reason to trust me. I've got friends in the Cave. I got some stuff comin' out this mornin'. I'm gonna try to get off the island.
Ain't no place safe.
It's alright. I'm a friend. I need help and so do you. What's a safe place to talk?
The purpose of decapitation is to preserve as much...food...as possible. The purpose for feeding is to keep the beasts on our side. The fact that they can be taught to clean up our garbage or to fire a gun is a convenient side benefit not the primary goal. The primary goal is to keep ourselves from becoming their supper. Keep them fed and they behave. Keep them hungry and they revert back to being the animals that they have always been. You saw them in there.
I thought the purpose of decapitation was to...to...
They are brutes without feeling. Though I admit that I've requested cremation for myself. Burial is an archaic tradition even more ridiculous now than it ever was. To say nothing of the...spacing problem...on a small island like this.
But...we bury the heads. Oh. God! It must be torture for them!
Any dead whose brains are intact will revive.
I didn't realise! Those were de-caps! I didn't know that....de-caps... revived!
No. You won't be able to do it. He will rise. He will rise and you... you will die.
You can believe this Miguel. I'll kill you if you shoot. We must wait. I'll....I'll do it....I'll do it myself....when it needs to be done.
One day a dead man will refuse to return and that man will be a saint. The first saint of our century. That's a prayer too. A catechism. Something the priests tell us to believe.
We must wait. One day the curse will pass. One day a dead man will... will...
Prayers have no power to save. The knife can save. It can cut the disease away. The bullet. It can shatter the brain where the evil takes seed. These are saviours...our new saviours...our only saviours.
No. The disease was cut away from me. I will live. I will live.
You are dying too.
He is dying. He knows it.
...but most of all because...they offend Thee my God...Who art all good...and deserving...deserving of all my love...
NOOOOOOOOO!
I detest all my sins...because... because of Thy just punishment... because of Thy...just...punish...
Shhhhh....Tony. Rest rest.
Aaaaaaah...my God...my God...I am heartily sorry...for having offended Thee....offended Thee...
PULL IN! GET THE OTHERS.
TONY....TONY....
I tol' him. I tol' him this is a dead place. Like all the others.
Sir Tyler is innocent of any crime against the State. Captain Rhodes is...
Sir. In the matter of the State versus Private Tyler I don't want to...
No Miss Science. You're the one who needs to do some thinking.
You better not mess with me Rhodes. I'd love to serve your balls to those Red Coats for lunch! Think about it!
I had an unfortunate little run-in with him today. In fact...you might say that Mr. Tyler is in big trouble with the...authorities.
Rhodes you and I had a roll in the hay together when I first got here. It was a wholly unsatisfying experience which I do not want to and which I never will repeat! So give up mister! I'm going home...to that roommate you mentioned.
Ah yes our noble Gasparilla does seem to favour you lately. I understand he assigned you a roommate of your choice. The rest of us have to pick names out of a hat.
If you put her on the shit list because of her reaction here tonight I'll go to Dickerson.
Oh I have no doubt.
Julie Grant is a behaviouralist. She's not medical. She hasn't been as...exposed to...to things...as some of the rest of us. She'll be alright. I'll talk to her. She'll be alright.
And you're the one who builds the bomb and they says 'I hope it'll never actually be used'.
You're....you're disgusting! You're....FILTH!
Leave me alone you...COCKSUCKER!!!
You can't run away from the planet Miss Science. You can't even run away from the island heh heh.
They will never be satisfied with anything else Miss Henried. They want human flesh. I'm prepared to take whatever steps are necessary to see to it they don't get mine! Not while I'm still using it!
You gave them a fresh taste of blood!
No wonder they're so....hungry.
You have ruined weeks of work here! We've been trying to wean these specimens onto alligator meat!
God has damned us all. Are my atrocities worse than yours?
God....damn you Rhodes!
Come come Miss Science. You've seen worse.
I'll have somebody's ass for this. I'll have your ass soldier. I'm not gonna stand here and...
For the good of mankind. That's what every monster-maker says.
I can work here. Maybe my work can help...help everyone. I can do more good with access to this equipment than I can off in some wasteland.
Need what? Civilised order like we have down here? Christ!
I am not...a guerilla fighter Toby. I'm not a pioneer. I'm not...I'm not strong that way. I need...
We're both gonna leave. Leave the island. I've been talkin' to Tricks. We think we can smuggle out one of those inflatable rafts. They're crated up real small. They've got air canisters. There's food inside. Even a little motor.
I want you to leave. Then maybe...
Oh bullshit Mary. It's because Rhodes is a prick.
It's because of me.
That bastard. I didn't think he'd make his move so fast.
Some of Rhodes' men. At the door.
Hey. Slow down. What is it?
Toby...thank God...wait here. I gotta find out what's goin' on.
In the battle sir.
It's been fired.
Let me see your weapon.
You fired that shot didn't you?
Step up here Tyler.
I said I'll take care of them. Just leave them there. Go help with the rest of the gear.
Just....following procedure sir. They're entitled to burial.
No time for that. I'll take care of them.
Where are you going Tyler?
I'm alright. Let's go.
Tricks...Jesus...
We need fuel and a couple automatics.
Rafts. Two 38s. A little ammo.
What'dya get?
Not as bad as yours pal.
Hey Tricks. Some detail they got you on.
All right be cool everybody nice and slow no sudden moves.
They are...they are everywhere.
We're going to die here! We're going to die!
It's not going to help us!
Why don't you want a message sent?
He's the owner...
Who are you?
We have to make it to the third deck...
How do we get out of here?
You the Captain?
I don't know what these things are ...all I know is...
And what? These things are octopusses?
Us...I'm talking about us... We're the fish.
What the hell are you talking about?
I once saw a guy put a fish in a bottle then he corked it sealing it tight and threw it to a baby octopus. The little sucker felt its way around that bottle and in less than two minutes got that cork off slid inside and ate that fish.
I'll kill you!! I'll fucking kill you!! I'll do it! I'll do it! I'm not playin' around here!
Nobody's shooting nobody...come on just let us through the hatch!
Boat or no boat...I'm going...
We don't even know if his boat is still there...you saw Billy!
Someone...maybe they sent an SOS!
Or maybe we're exactly where they want us to be.
Maybe we lost them.
Just trying to get to my boat...
You trying to take over my show Finnegan that what you trying to do?
That's where my boat's moored.
Who gives a shit about aft?
Did you clear this?
Shut up! Shut up all of you! Now here's what we're doing... Mamooli is going to take you back to fix your engines Chin and I are staying here to finish the job...
I told you...
Now where's Mulligan? Where's Vivo?
Hanover listen...
Where are my men?
I'd say that's a pretty good assumption.
I assume somebody up there has made sure no distress signal can be sent.
And she could do a hell of a barbie to boot! Belt up. You'll find all the parts you need up there.
Great woman your mother. Real foresight.
Then you better start swimming.
Not an option.
You're going to have to get a new one.
We were talking about my schedule...
I have a schedule...
We can't...we got one engine dead and the other limping badly.
How soon can we get up and running?
Speedboat in the middle of the ocean...
I know it...but you want to get where you want to get and back? I need a chief engineer and unless you got a replacement I'd highly recommend overlooking the indescretion.
He did...with a crowbar...you know the rules on a broken contract.
Who asked any?
And no questions asked.
20 hours on the clock. Out and back. Double for overtime.
This isn't right Finnegan. I've got a contract.
I don't mind him...but I do think it's time for him to get back down below with the rest of the playgroup.
Don't mind him Finnegan...you remember 25...balls of steel... splashing around in a sea of testosterone.
Take note Mr. Mason...this is why you hire a professional...No whining. No excuses.
The one you came up to ask...are we on schedule?
Which question is that?
Right here...middle of nowhere...and the answer to your question is yes.
And where is our point of arrival?
Right here...middle of nowhere...
You know what they say...the classics are eternal.
No it just struck me as odd...I don't see you for all these years and you've still got the same tape stuck in the box.
Fok Yu and Fok Yu Two...are we strolling down memory lane for any particular reason?
You remember the first time we met Finnegan? I think you were just starting out...smuggling gold off Sumatra for those two Chinese...what did we use to call them?
He's not coming...
Where's you friend?
This time make an exception.
I don't take orders at all.
You don't take orders very well do you?
Three minutes...I'm not back...no matter what...you go...
Soon as I get over the heart attack...
I don't mean to drop in unannounced ...you ready...
And what if I run into one of those things?
Not unless you can wire a missle or fix an engine.
You want ME to go up there?
How about noise? Can you get noise? We don't need speed just noise right?
Jet ski...there's one left up there.
If you blow up your boat how are we going to get to the island?
There's not much horsepower left in the engines but there's enough noise...once this baby's set...I'll rev it up...that slimy bastard will come for it like candy...
...the minute you start your engines ...it's goint to kill us isn't it?
Finnegan...
Not like him.
Oh my god! Oh my god! How do we do it? How do we get there?
You know what kind of force it took to rip open the bow of this ship? A million little things like this...
It's not them...it's it...
Keep tasting...
I was so goddamn close Finnegan! So goddamn close to my island... I could almost taste the sand...
You quit high school lie about your age join the navy and next thing you know four years are up and you need a way to make a living...
So how do you get from the Bronx to the South China sea?
You should talk...
Looking good...
We can't just leave them here.
A meat locker.
What is it?
The quiet...
What's the matter?
I'm saying they're calling the shots...
You're saying they can think?
Like cattle...
Takes one to know one.
How do you know that?
Oh yeah? What kind is that?
Boat or no boat... You woulda come back anyway. You're that kind of gal.
Right... You have a boat.
Yeah you did...
Hey! I didn't have to come back.
On the side!!
I don't know where it is!
Takes one to know one.
With the emphasis on SELF and in selfish right?
Self sufficient...
Anti social?
Since I'm a kid I had this dream... I want to own my own tropical island... Beaches warm ocean lots of food little clothes...population of one...
Quite a few.
Seen a lot of islands?
That's what I do.
So this boat of yours...that's what you do? Give people...rides.
Thank you I work at it...
Well you sure do a good imitation.
I'm not rich people.
You people...rich people...
What's that supposed to mean? You people.
Look lady I know you people are used to getting your way...
You don't have to be so touchy.
Nothing...you want to come come... you don't...
But what makes you think there aren't more of those...things...back there?
...there's got to be a way to access out back there...
Hey! Hey! Where are you going?
I don't know...
What are those things?
Jesus Christ lady...
You hear that?
I was born in a City housing project in the Bronx OK? It's not in the cards that I die on a luxury cruise ship...now which way up?
He's with them.
What are you people talking about?
Unless you collected on the insurance...
I'm their ride.
Then who are you?
I'm not a thief.
The thieves.
What other bunch?
Who asked you to!
I saved your life is what I did!
Now look what you did!
It ain't any better out there!
I'm not staying here!
Shut up man just shut the hell up! I gotta think! I gotta think!!
...we gotta get outta here -- NOW.
Shut up! You hear me!!
Forget them...
Hanover!! Hanover!!
Why don't you just stop figuring and keep working so we can get the hell out of here?
So...If the hull's impregnable why are my feet wet?
The hulls of these things are supposed to be impregnable...
You ain't giving the orders here!
Let's just keep going.
Or I could go for a swim...although I gotta tell you...if I never get in the water again...
Because it's cool you know I can always take a walk or something down the beach...
Was it the water in my eyes or were you guys about to...
You're beautiful what you're jealous you know that Joey?
All you're gonna do is get yourself killed...and for what? Some chick?
Second whistle you make it to the deck and get ready to jump...
She's gone...
One whistle... Start the engine...
Man don't go up there...
How does an island sound to you?
And what have you come up with?
I have been.
I'm telling you man we got to give the future some serious thought.
Line it up now nice and easy...
I think we gotta stop floating from one fucked up situation to the next...
A little to the left...
You know what I think? I think our luck has just about run shit out...
And you got 10 minutes before this thing livens up a boring evening.
I've never seen you so congenial with a mamber of the opposite sex... The two of you got a nice patter going...got a nice rapport...
Seafood salad.  You ever operate a jet ski?
Can somebody tell me what the object of the exercise is here?
For juice I gotta rebuild. That's not fast.
Squid...squid like...squid type... it's got tentacles a feed sac... probably one central nervous processor somewhere...what the hell do I know is going on deep down in the ocean...there's all sorts of shit we've never seen...eighty foot clams...60 foot sharks...I'm just guessing...can you get me more juice out of Hercules...fast?
Red cross over to blue double blue ...is that what it is? A squid?
Joey you want to get sucked out by a giant fucking mutated squid?
Not even a Joey I'm glad to see you? Joey what happened to your leg?
Just the man I wanted to see. On this puppy here you remember if it's red to blue or blue to red...
Don't shoot!! Don't shoot!!
Joey... Which way's aft?
If I don't I ain't going back to get it...you think we're safe?
I don't know...you got what we need?
Finnegan what the hell was that?
I'm stuck...
It's okay...come on...
Joey...look at me...
What? You don't think I can have a normal life?
Joey...it's okay...
...Like a house in the suburbs... maybe a couple of kids...some sort of business...be in the bowling league...go to the ball games...
You know what I'm gonna do after this...I'm gonna get a normal life...
Good! So maybe he also know where the hell am I going to get the parts I need...
I think he knows that Joey.
No! The man in the moon!! Who's driving this thing?
What did you do the my kids!!
Oh yeah...and that my stich job doesn't make you uglier than you already are...this won't hurt a bit...
That's it? That's all you give a shit about?
Sure I do...I give a shit that at 0300 hour we reach our point of dentination. I give a shit that those mojos got to do what they got to do and 45 minutes later we are turn around and gone. I give a shit that by the time the sun comes up we are all safely tucked in bed.
You don't give a shit about anything do you?
...Jagger was here...I was here...
I saw these guy perform...at Altmont ...you know that? They opened for the Stones...
Here's what I think...I think these mokes below are a hit sqaud.
I know...I know...if the cash is there we don't care...  Finnegan this is as mean a pile of shit as we ever carried...
If I told you once...I told you a thousand times...
I'm flying blind here God damn it!
Can we use our indoor voice please...
You want some too?
Why don't you back off?
Where are you going?
A passenger...
You tell it straight or I pull the trigger. Who are you?
I mean...where is everbody?
Where is everybody?
Or maybe not.
I'm looking...
What is it man?
I'm not screwing around with you man...I hate the cold water.
Hey! You hear me? Come out!
Check it out!
Hey! Come out here!
Someone's back there.
What was that?
Plans don't change...
Maybe plans changed...
I thought the plan was we'd evacuate them after we got through.
Like Mamooli's country...
What the hell does that mean?
You mean countries that are acknowledged by the UN...or like made up countires too?
You know what my goal is? Before I die I want to make love to a woman from every country on earth.
There ain't no thing here!! No thing!! There's you him and me!! Got it! You him and...
What's there to think about?? That THING back there...
What happened to Vivo?! What the hell happened to Vivo?
Don't shoot man don't shoot!
'Cause grease monkey ain't in my job description dick head...
Why don't you help us so we can get done faster so we can get the hell out of here?
Hey! What are you trying to pull!
Maybe it's the wrong ship.
Wade did a little reminiscing.
Talk fast.  Polls open in half an hour.
Wade's here.
I want this bastard brought down.
Well he's sure working fast ain't he?
This monster escaped from Cryo- Prison this morning.
Jesus.  Sweet Jesus.  We've got trouble.
That's him.  Simon Doucet.
I can smell it.
No chance.  Not their sector.  They ain't even into things this big. Our zone-boy's performing out of a horror show.  Something else.  Unit nine found a couple cold ones in Hollywood.  One Manny Turner.  Gun runner. Sounds like a connection to me.
Technothugs?
Witnesses say some wacko went Judge hunting with a late model.  I got an artist working on a computer composite now.
What'cha got Bennett?
Looks like ya gonna take office just in time Chief.  Things need straightening up in this city.
Mom I hate to break this to you but there's a whole other species out there you're neglecting.  If you've forgotten they're called 'men'.  Sometimes referred to in more colorful language.
I think he wants more than your cookies.
He just wants me to make him cinnamon cookies like I made for you.
Mr. Murphy asked about you again at work yesterday.
I'd think about it.
What did you say?
Michael called yesterday.  He wants to take Willy for the summer.
Put that on your political resume.
It was Wade's old partner... Gallagher. He was behind it all.
Prepare for a change in lifestyle.
I worked for him... still do.  Said he'd make sure I was left alone if I helped put Wade away.  He kept his promise for twenty years.
It was Wade's old partner... Gallagher. He was behind it all.
Your mother.
You helped set up my partner Sergeant William Wade.  I want to know who put you up to it.
Fuck you - fuck you.
No you're not model material.  Anything else?
I want to ask you a few questions.
Who are you?  What the fuck do you want?
My man Dubbs.
You stole the heroin out of the evidence room and planted it on me.  I was iced.  What better way to keep me from talking.  Stop me if I'm wrong.
I don't want to hear anymore.
<u>You</u> were the dirty cop... and I was on to you.  You panicked.  Afraid I was going to expose you... so you shut me up.
You're crazy.
You were planning to send me back to the ice house.  You set me up.
What are you talking about?
That wasn't your plan was it?
I heard about today.  Good job.  I'm all for capital punishment.  Why don't you go home and see your family?
We have to talk.
What is it?  I'm about to go on.
Not anymore.
You can't win like this.  You'll only get older.  This is what you wanted!
I'm wasting time.
Just got the call.  Took him from school.  Bastard nailed the Vice- Principal and a teacher.
Got compliments coming outta your ass don't ya?
Don't threaten me.  I tend to take these things seriously.  And get a couple hours sleep.  You look like day old shit.
Remember my promise.
This is a war Wade.  You against him.  Vengeance time.  The City's just in the way.  Kill the fucker. You and me.  We'll work things out when the time is right.
And I want Doucet.
I want to stop aging.
Ah fuck you Wade.  This is bull- shit.  You're not going to kill me.  You're not going to risk your freedom.
I'm not voting for you.
You can't kill me.  I'm going to be Mayor tomorrow.
I'll be alright.
Tell Frick and Frack that means them too.
Out of the room.
Hello Wade.
I've been alone for twenty years. I don't feel very sociable.
You're working a partner on this.
I'm going to kill you when this is all over.
The faster you get Doucet the younger you'll be.
When you bring in Doucet.
Give it to me.
We have an antidote that'll retard the aging process.
You son-of-a-bitch.  How do you stop it?
No but he's going to be by tomorrow. He's aging.  'Bout the entire twenty years lost while being frozen in forty-eight hours.  In that time he'll be an old man.  Could be a year an hour or all at once. Called NPA Syndrome.  Natural Pro- gression of Aging.  It affects each individual differently.  I'm sure it's painful.
He's not that old yet.  You've lost confidence in me.
Edicon system made these.  Ages photographs.  We use it to find missing children.
I remember what he looks like.  I can't forget.
Mug sheets.
Fill it out.  Standard issue mal- practice insurance.  All Cops carry it.
What's this?
I'm going to bring this down hard. I've got an A-1 badass killer loose an election day after tomorrow and I'm risking everything on you. You're going to bring him in.  I don't care how.  If you do you'll get your freedom.  An official pardon from me.  A clean slate.  A good job.  A chance to get back with your family.  If you don't want to I'll put your ass back in the freezer so fast you'll forget you were ever defrosted.
I told you.  I'm out of the cops and robbers business.  Retired twenty years ago.  I've been trained as a bus driver.  Got a whole route planned and everything.  Even nailed down the lingo - '<u>Exact change please</u>'.
Later.  I want Doucet first.
I want to see my wife and kid.
Well you've just been taken off the bench.
I'm not on the force anymore.
Jury found you guilty not me.  I just called it as I saw it.  Fuck that.  You were brought here for a reason.  Doucet's escaped.  Re-animated for his parole hearing.  Killed a lot of people.  Most of them cops.
I was set up and you know it... but you swore under oath I was dirty. You helped bury me.
Twenty years have passed Wade. Lay it to rest.
Shucks and I got all dressed up.
Maybe re-animating you wasn't such a bright idea.  You look like shit.
Looks like you did more than jackoff while I was gone.
You want evidence.  I'll give you evidence.
You have no evidence.  Arrest this man.
What the hell are you talking about?
Sir your transmission's fading.
I'm thrilled beyond belief.
But sir Sergeant Wade saved the hostages.
You two fucks listen up.  Doucet's killing people and you're wasting valuable time busting two-bit Technothugs.
Forget it.  Stick to the program.
We seem to've come across a 211 sir.
Doucet's just offed two of the jurors who put him away.  I'm rounding up the rest of them and putting them in police custody.  What's your status?
Simon Doucet.  You are under arrest. Please come out with your hands in the air.
Kill him... kill him.
He could be brought back.
Wade's in Cryo-Prison.
I was part of the escort team that re-animated him.  My partner's dead because of this guy.
That's not your zone.  Stick to data entry.
I don't want any press on this.  I've got an election to win day after to- morrow.
NPA syndrome will hit 'im fast.  Have your men gear up the Edicon system at a twenty-year ratio in fractions of fives.  Saying a prayer won't be bad either.
Just great.
Telephone repairman.
Tell Doucet that.  What was his rehabilitation training?
It's a real mess down here.  Some- thing must a'gone wrong.  No man could possess that kind of strength after being frozen for twenty years.
What do you mean he's escaped?! They're not supposed to escape!
Shut up!  Drop it.
Keep 'em busy.
Okay that's all folks.  Commissioner Gallagher has to go.
How do I look?
Kill me if you want.  Hard line me with that 'I ain't got nothing to lose' bullshit.  But you've got plenty to lose 'partner'.  You've got a family.  I'm giving you a chance to see them.  I kept in touch.  She never married. All these years.  Maybe she loves you.  I wouldn't know why.
Sir your limo's here.
I've also drafted a letter to families of officers killed in the line of duty.  They'll need your signature.
Sir your dinner with the union leaders begins in an hour.  Your wife will meet you there so we can leave whenever you're ready.
Ooops I forgot.
Not the 'T' word.
Maybe I should put on the training whe---
Go in the house.
Nobody's looking.
Ah Mom you're embarrass'n me.
You sure?  I can help you.
I got it.  I got it.
And you should be with your family.
You should be in hospital.
No you don't.
No.  I want to be with you.
I'm signing off.
You be careful.
He's got my grandson Sanchez.
I just heard.
If you were set up I want to find out who did it.
What are you doing this for Sanchez?
Hospital food.
What is it?  Your legs?  Hands?
Aaah... Mother of Jesus.
That's just it.  He never did time. Seems each arrest was botched for one reason or another.  Judge threw out the cases each time.  Either he's got a horseshoe up his ass or powerful friends.
So he's got a thing for prison clothes.
This should make your day.  The guy who testified against you... Dubbs... was arrested a total number of twenty- four times.
...Have you been drinking?
Your girl.  Being a cop will be rough on her.
...What are you talking about...?
You treat her nice.
Sanchez...?
We're partners aren't we?
What's this?
Not too good.
How do I look?
How ya feeling?
Rip Van Winkle.
<u>Comwatch Dispatch System</u>.  Can't assimilate voice stress.  Code priority only.
Get us some fuck'n back-up now!
Simulated one.
Kid you ever been in a high speed chase before?
Fire up that thing of yours and tell me all credit card trans- actions after eight o'clock.
Wallet cash I.D...
What else did he get?
Let's roll.  We got a guy who swears his car was stolen by a suspect identical to Doucet. 0800 this morning.
You're not pregnant are you?
No thank you sir.  Smoking causes lung cancer heart disease emphysema and may complicate pregnancy.
You're just afraid to use this.  You have technophobia Wade.  That's what you got.
With all this technology you don't even have to show up for work.  Who needs cops when you've got gizmos.
I'm just doing it by the book. Analyze then vaporize.  Crime's a science.  Everything's analyzed.
Great.  My partner's Marcus Welby.
Part of Doucet's cerebellum a portion called the vermis is under- developed.  This area rates response to outside stimuli.  Com- pare it to that of a normal law- abiding citizen.  It could be why he kills.
Lighten up.  You're going to give yourself an ulcer.
Maybe I should turn myself in.
That cost me two weeks' pay.
Two lousy smokes.  You're a real sport.
Then find me some cigarettes.
You want to be a good detective?
I'm serious Wade.  This case is important to me.
Hey I'm eating.
We get to peek into Doucet's brain.
No.  Talk English.  Then I'll understand.
Never use it.  Stuff'll kill ya.
I'll have a cup of coffee?
Good night.
Good night Wade.
I'll be okay.
You need anything else?
She's pretty.
Hey Rip Van Winkle maybe we'd better call it a night.
This is where I found Doucet twenty years ago.  Thought maybe he'd come back.
What's this place?
Yeah.  Least I think so.  Twenty- six years this March.
Engaged.  Plan on doing it this summer.  You still married?
Nothing makes sense when you're a cop.
It doesn't make sense.  Who would want to do that to you?
'Bout the same time I busted Doucet I tried to nail this big-time dealer. I didn't have an ID but I was close. Too close.  Gained the confidence of a badass named Dubbs.  He was going to turn me onto the big man.  He made me for a cop.  Mysteriously my fellow officers discovered ten pounds of heroin in my cruiser.
You're saying you were put away for a crime you didn't commit?
I was set up.
I also PVC'd you.  Youngest Officer promoted to Sergeant. Two CMs.  Four honor medals...
GCI.  TM-1.  What language are you talking?
Sir I took the liberty of running a GCI scenario on a TM-1 earlier today...
You don't follow the bodies and you don't follow procedure.  You do it by instinct.  Think like him.  Do what has to be dane.
You can't catch this man with a computer.
NPA metamorphosis should biologically slow him down.  That's when we'll get him.
Relax let technology do the work.
Hey buddy...
Trust me.  You don't want to know.
Give me a break.  I'm serious. What's it like to be dead?
Bacon cheeseburgers.
Then what goes on in there?  What I mean is what are you thinking about?
When you're frozen you're legally dead right?
Can I ask you something?
Thanks.  Want'a bite?  McDonald's vegiroll.
My insurance won't cover it.
Wanna come?
I'm not fond of television comedies.
You can't turn him off.  He's the Commissioner.
Well I'm sure.  You're a cop.  I'm a cop.  Let's do what cops do.
We don't know that for sure.  We'll have to wait until they move.
There's no time.  There are civilians in there.  It's about to go down.
I'll inform dispatch.
Some things never change.
How do you know?
They're going to rob that bank.
Technothugs.
See those guys?
Doucet killed my partner.
No offense but why'd they partner me with a rookie?
Commissioner Gallagher said...  ...twenty years is a long time.
I have to go home Sanchez.
Lean year for role models.
Whoa.  Don't touch that.  <u>Pursuit</u> <u>Mode</u>.  Auto pilot.  Computerized steering and driving system used in high speed pursuits.  Installed Fall 2006.  Underground rumor has it they modeled it after you sir.
Got it.  Ejection seat?
You have to use the steering wheel to turn.  The pedal for gas...
Does it drive itself too?
Give me a break Sanchez.  It's like riding a bike.
But Sergeant...
Commissioner Gallagher gave me specific orders not to let you drive until you re-familiarize yourself with the process and territory.
Well that's good enough for me.
Are you a cop?
Officer Hector Sanchez Sergeant. Hillside Academy.  Status G-8. Security Clearance 3.  One year Advance Technical Crime Analyst. Weapons Assistant.  FDA Junior Captain Hollywood division---
You my partner?
Well I've got news for you.  This dirty cop was the <u>only cop</u> who could bag Doucet.
They always are.
But he was such a good cop.
He went dirty and they made an example of him.
He had a partner.  Our own Ray Gallagher.  He tagged Wade dangerously defiant. Psychotic.  Reckless.  Seems our Commissioner didn't like him much. Busted his buns on a narcotic's violation.  Wade was sentenced to twenty-five years.
Take a look at this.
You never want to find out.
What's it mean?
Demolition Man.
Says here one of our boys brought him down.  You ever heard of a badge named Wade?
You startin' a fan club or some- thin'?
This is the guy that killed my partner.
Jesus Sanchez... what do you think you're doin'?  That's flatfoot data. You're not supposed to have access to that.
Remember get the seat fixed.
Bye.  Thanks.
Good to know you Willy.
William Simpson.  I like Willy.
What's your name?
I'm going to be a policeman.
My granddad was a policeman.
My mom says I'm gonna grow.
Seat's too high.
You all right?
I don't care if you've got the Good Housekeeping seal of approval... I'm not looking for company.
Papers.  Last Medcheck two weeks ago. A-1.  Disease free.  Guaranteed by the State.
It's stuck but thanks for the offer.
You could always take it off.
This little thing says I can't.
Funny.  Would you like to buy me a drink?
Haven't seen you around.  Where have you been all my life handsome?
You killed the doctor too soon you fool!
The ring?... he was brought to us as is Baron.  I...
It was Feyd?  It was Feyd!  Where is the ducal signet ring?  I must have his ring.
I made my peace gesture... the forms of Kanly have been obeyed.
He wishes to inform you that Vendetta -- as he puts it using the ancient tongue the art of Kanly -- is still alive. He does not wish to meet or speak with you.
What does Leto say Piter?
The Atreides will be leaving Caladan soon Baron and I have here your answer from Duke Leto.
What's that you're saying?
The carryall will come and lift off the spice harvester. Try and get in close over the harvester... you'll find this interesting Sire. -- The Duke accelerates the ornithopter in the direction of the harvester. Paul can SEE...
What happens now?
With your permission...
They are Fremen suits. I hope they fit well my lord.
I understand we have you to thank for these stillsuits Doctor.
This is my son Paul.
I prefer the more ancient term planetologist... Noble Born.
So you are Dr. Kynes the Imperial Ecologist?
We are alone...
Yes my Lord.
I am your Truthsayer my lord...  He is here my lord.
He will not permit anyone but me to see him. You must be outside this room.... Do what you can.
Forced spice evolution of humans changes many things.... I must sit close to him.
Their minds are so.... They move in strange directions....
I shall want telepathy during his visit and a report when we're finished.
We felt his presence.
A Third Stage Guild Navigator will be here within minutes!
Do not interrupt!!! Do not speak lightly of the spice... ONE SMALL POINT...
I can assure you...
LISTEN TO ME!! The spice must flow... the spice has given me accelerated evolution for four thousand years... it has enabled you to live two hundred years... the spice helps make the sapho juice which gives the red-lipped mentats the ability to be living computers... the secret side of spice... the water of life.
Can you hear me?... If this visit has anything to do with spice... -- The Guild Navigator shudders and swishes quite violently in his tank.
So the Harkonnens will rid you of House Atreides...
You must share with us. -- EMPEROR The Atreides house is building a secret army!... using a technique unknown to us... a technique involving sound. The Duke is becoming more popular in the Landsraad... he could threaten me.... I have ordered House Atreides to occupy Arrakis to mine the spice... thus replacing their enemies the Harkonnens.... House Atreides will not refuse because of the tremendous power they think they will gain. Then at an appointed time Baron Harkonnen will return to Arrakis and launch a sneak attack on House Atreides... I have promised the Baron five legions of my Sardaukar terror troops.
I see two Great Houses -- House Atreides House Harkonnen -- feuding... I see you behind it.
Oh yes? -- NAVIGATOR Better than those on Richesse.. You are transparent... I see many things... I see plans within plans.
Many machines on Ix... new machines.
Yes?... How was your journey?
We have just folded space from Ix...
That's it... spice mining... no other cloud quite like it. See the spotters over it? They're watching for wormsign... the telltale sand waves. Seismic probes on the surface too Sire... worms can travel too deep for their waves to show... Looks like a good patch of spice.
Dust cloud ahead Sire.
It's a high-efficiency filter and heat exchange system. Perspiration passes through the first layer and is gathered in the second. The salt is separated. Breathing and walking provide the pumping action. The reclaimed water circulates to catchpockets from which you can drink through this tube at your neck. Urine and feces are processed in the thigh pads. Should you be in the open desert remember to breathe in through your mouth out through the nose tubes.
Basically...
The Duke is to be addresses as... -- Kynes comes forward and adjusts the Duke's suit checking seals and pulling on straps.
Play out your little comedy while you can off-worlders...
So this is Leto the Just...
The Emperor's blade.
This is a Harkonnen animal.  Let me please my Lord.
Let him stand free!
Gurney... I see Thufir Hawat among the captives.  Let him stand free.
They said you were dead.  They said...
Don't you trust your own eyes.
Paul!!  Paul!!
You've no need of your weapons with me Gurney Halleck.
Yes. I sensed the play in you lad but this can no longer be play. Tomorrow we leave for Arrakis! Arrakis is real. The Harkonnens are real.
Things have been so serious here lately.
If you'd fought one whit below your abilities I'd have scratched you a good one.
Would you really have drawn my blood?
Good... the slow blade penetrates the shield... but look down.
Is this what you seek?
What's gotten into Gurney? He's not faking. Paul presses forward and the fight moves quickly around the room. The smell of ozone grows stronger as the shields hit and SPARK off one another. Paul directs a parry downwards turns and leads Gurney against the table plunging at just the right moment to pin Gurney against the table top with his blade right at Gurney's neck.
Not sorry enough.
I'm sorry Gurney.
Not in the mood?! Mood's a thing for cattle and love play... not fighting.
Shield practice? Gurney... we had practice -- this morning..... I'm not in the mood.
No music. I'm packing this for the crossing. Shield practice.
I must do this for Paul but what of my unborn child?
Death may be the result....  Are you sure?
They want me to take the Water of Life... the Truthsayer drug... so dangerous yet... we must move swiftly if we're to secure our place among these Fremen.  I will try to pass within.
Sayyadina.  Our Reverend Mother tells me she is too old... She has been calling through space and time for you to come and let her rest.  She asks that you pass within.
Then I will teach you our way of battle....  you have the word bond of a Bene Gesserit.
Stop!  Get back!!  She has the weirding way.  Why didn't you tell us!  Great gods... if you can do this to the strongest of us you're worth ten times your weight of water.  As a leader of my people I give you my bond: teach us this weirding way and you both shall have sanctuary.  Your water shall mingle with our water.
I will take the boy-man... he shall have sanctuary in my tribe... -- A LOW NOTE on a dip stick is blown by one of the Fremen tribe.  Jessica shifts Paul sees it and just as Stilgar begins a reach for his weapon Jessica turns slashes out utters a SOUND whirls again and with rock behind her holds Stilgar helpless in front of her -- her hand at his throat. Paul moves on her first move.  He races up a rocky incline.
No but many consider my training valuable.
Are you trained in the ways of the desert?
Perhaps these are the ones Mapes told us of.
My lady when one has lived with prophecy for so long the moment of revelation is a shock.
Maker?... Maker is the key word... the tooth of the worm? That was close...  Did you think that I knowing the mysteries of the Great Mother would not know the maker?
Here is why this Fremen has taken service with me to ask that one question. Delay is as dangerous as the wrong answer. Shadout is Chakobsa... knife in Chakobsa is... maker of death.  It's a maker...
Say it not lightly...  Do you know its meaning?
It could only be one thing....  It's a crysknife.
Do you know this my lady?
That's it! The Missionaria Protectiva has been here planting protective legends against a day of Bene Gesserit need. And that day has come. I must play out this sham.  I know the Dark things and the way of the Great Mother. Miseces prejin.
As the legend says.
I know the Bhotani Jib and Chakobsa all the hunting languages.
You know the ancient tongues?
You saw a part of what the race needs in the beginning.  In time you perverted the truth.  You sought to control human breeding and intermix a select few according to a selfish master plan.  How little you understand.
Stop him yourself.
Man-carved steps.
Someone started another thumper....  We're not alone.
What's happened?...  Why did it leave?
I know the secret.  The worm is the spice... the spice is the worm.
Cinnamon... the spice!  Do you smell it?
I can't... I can't.
Remember... walk without rhythm and we won't attract a worm... it'll go to the thumper.
 ...the night is a tunnel... a hole into tomorrow... if we're to have a tomorrow...
It's further than I thought... a worm is sure to come....  I'll plant a thumper that should divert it. -- Paul moves off into the shadows.  Suddenly Jessica SEES a burst of LIGHTNING illuminate the mountain of rock in the distant and the vast dunes before them.
You and your Bene Gesserit sisterhood... I'm not your Kwisatz Haderach...  I'm something different something unexpected!  I'm a seed.  I am so much more...  You don't begin to know me...
You carry my unborn sister in your womb!
The spice!  It's in everything here.  The air the soil the food...  It's like the Truthsayer drug.....  It's a poison!!!! You knew the spice would change me.  But thanks to your teachings it's changed my consciousness.  I can see it... I can see it.
Listen to me!... you wanted to know about my dreams... and I've just had a waking dream... do you know why?... -- JESSICA Calm yourself/
 Where are my feelings... I feel for no one...
A million deaths are not enough for Yueh...
The South Polar regions... the forbidden area.  We must make it to that rock...
Where are we do you think?
I can't maintain any altitude... we'll never reach the safety of rock.  Maybe that small rock.
Remove her gag!
Oh great mother!  He's trying the voice. The Reverend Mother said it could save him.
Don't touch my mother...
Paul... please Paul... listen to the Reverend Mother and do what she tells you.
What does she fear?  What about my Father?
Your Reverence.
Paul this is the Reverend Mother Gaius Helen Mohiam. She is going to... observe you...  Please... -- REVEREND MOTHER Jessica you know it must be done. I enjoin you to stand guard at the door and practice the meditation of peace.
You are about to witness something few have seen -- watch!  Watch!
Bless the Maker and his water... Bless the coming and going of him.  May his passage cleanse the world.
Spice!... pure un-refined spice!
To protect their territory. Vibrations attract them. -- PAUL  I've registered him now... a knife is a sheath on his left arm... He's strong... a person born to command... He's hiding many things.  Is there a relationship between the worms and the spice?
Why do they come?
Where there is spice and spice mining there are always worms.
Will we see a worm?
That it is.  He shall know your ways as if born to them.
No one. It... seemed the proper way.
Your suit is fitted desert fashion. Who told you how to do that?
You've worn a stillsuit before?
He's hiding something.
I am a servant of the His Majesty the Emperor. I have served His Majesty on Arrakis long enough for my eyes to change.
Are you a Fremen?
Long live the fighters!
Long live the fighters!
Too bad... thought they were Harkonnen.
We surprised a band of smugglers.
Usul... these are fifteen of our fiercest fighters to serve you as your guard... the Fedaykin.
My own name is a killing word.  Will it be a healing word as well?
The most lethal poison in the Universe.
The Water of Life.
Greater than treasure Usul.  We have thousands of such caches.  Only a few of us know them all.  When we have enough... we shall change the face of Arrakis. Listen!...
Water on Arrakis!!! I have seen this place in a dream.  A treasure.
You are Paul Muad'dib and your mother shall be a Sayyadina among us....  We welcome you.
Could I be known as Paul Muad'dib?
We call that one Muad'dib.
What do you call the mouse shadow in the second moon?
You have strength... real strength... You shall be known as Usul which is the strength of the base of the pillar.  This is your secret name in our troop.  But you must choose the name of manhood which we will call you openly.
You mustn't speak of...
Stop him Jessica!
Don't try your powers on me.  Try looking into that place where you dare not look. You'll find me there staring back at you!! You Bene Gesserit have waited ninety generations to produce the one person your schemes required.  Here I stand.  But... I will never be yours.
They tried and died.
Did they try and fail?
... Many men have tried.
MOTHER! Tell me!
What can be done has been done.
Well he isn't... and he won't die... Tell me he won't die!
I've heard enough of my safety... What about my father?... I heard you talking. You speak as if he was dead. Well he isn't!
I sense your teachings in him. Ignore the regular order of training. His safety requires The Voice.
They tried and died....  Jessica!
Did they try and fail?
I have heard of it. -- REVEREND MOTHER It is very dangerous... very painful. The Bene Gesserit sisterhood drink it to see within.... There is a place terrifying to us... to women. It is said a man will come... the Kwisatz Haderach... he will go where we cannot... Many men have tried...
Do you know of the Water of Life?... the Truthsayer drug?
The person who can be many places at once... the one who bridges space and time.... He will look where we cannot.
What is it?
Perhaps you are the Kwisatz Haderach.
Not all of them... I know which ones will.
Your mother wants you to tell me about your dreams. I only want to know one thing.... Do they come true?
I see the truth of it. -- REVEREND MOTHER  Could he be the one?... Maybe... but will he be ours to control?  You know when people speak the truth?
Pain by nerve induction... A human can resist any pain. Our test is crisis and observation.
NO!! ENOUGH!! Kull wahad! No woman child ever withstood that much. I must have wanted you to fail. Take your hand out of the box and look at it young human.... Do it!
You feel the flesh crisping?
 I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer. Fear is the little death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear... I will permit it to pass over me and through me. -- The Reverend Mother moves her face up to his. Her ancient face with its metal teeth gleaming inches away breathes hotly. She is smiling.
SILENCE... SILENCE.
Let us say I suggest you may be human. Your awareness may be powerful enough to control your instincts. Your instincts will be to remove your hand from the box. If you do so you will die. You will feel an itching -- there... see? Now the itching becomes burning... heat upon heat upon heat.
Are you suggesting a Duke's son is an animal?
I hold at your neck the gom jabbar. Don't pull away or you'll feel that poison. A Duke's son must know about many poisons -- this one kills only animals.
The Voice again.
What's in the box?
We have our new army.  Dr. Yueh put the weirding module on him.
I know.  But if it is a trap then why are we going?
Now remember... the first step in avoiding a trap is knowing of its existence.
The Harkonnens are our enemies yes... but behind them I suspect is the Emperor. -- THUFIR You will make a formidable Duke!
Many dangers exist on Arrakis. For one we know the Harkonnens would not have given up their CHOAM company contract so easily.
My father sent you to test me. Music then?
Yes. Perhaps he would at that.
I'd know the difference.
Those sounds could be imitated.
I heard you Dr. Yueh and Gurney coming down the hall.
What d'you mean pretending? They are dressing.  Where'd they get those clothes?
They're...pretending to dress.
Excuse me.  I didn't mean to disturb....  What am I saying?
They suggested oranges.
The Zoo tells me that chimpanzees like all apes are vegetarian sir.
Me too.  Can't have a lot of monkeys making messes in the Guardhouse.  Have we fed them?  Like raw steak or something?
Yes sir.  We're in luck.  The sick bay's almost empty except for a mauled fox cub a deer with pneumonia and a depressed gorilla. The Apes will be hidden from the public.  They'll be quarantined. If they want medical attention it's available on the spot.  And the experts can start giving them the once-over first thing in the morning. General Brody's very pleased.
Did you call the Zoo?
That primitive apes can talk.
Believe what?
Nobody's going to believe it.
My name is Lewis -- Lewis Dixon .
My name is Cornelius.  And this is Zira -- my wife.
Do you have a name?
We know that.
So am I.  And I mean you no harm.
A display of primitive apparatus --
And we can watch ...
To a lot of psychiatric small talk --
I did not call her mad.  I merely asked her if she was.  And I repeat the question.  Are you mad?
Dr. Milo please don't call my wife mad.
Zira are you mad?
And Earth will be destroyed -- just as we saw it.  Only since fleeing it we have passed through a....backward disturbance in time -- did you notice the Date Meter clicking down after the shock wave hit our ship? -- and we have returned to Earth almost two thousand years before its destruction.  That is another reason for keeping silence.  Our human captors would not be edified to know that one day their world will crack like an egg and fry to a cinder because of an Ape war of aggression.
But we saw Earth destroyed.
In some fashion -- and I lack the intellect to know precisely how -- we have traveled from Earth's future into Earth's past.
Keep him in cold storage till the reports in.  Then send him to Taxidermy.  He's a museum piece.
With particular emphasis on the cranial and oral areas.
We shall want a full autopsy ...
Yes but don't take any chances.
They look pretty docile.
Go easy Stevie.
Security.  Join the Marines and see the Zoo ...
What are they doing here?
I don't believe it.
No -- clothes.  Stevie they changed into them.
There was a sort of carpetbag in the ship.
What Lewis?
I like you.
May I say something personal?
I mean that in our 'primitive' civilization apes just don't talk. I mean I think it's important that when our 'primitive' security precautions are lifted the first time you say something in public you should talk to what we 'primitively' call the Right People.
I'm a psychiatrist.
I should.  I've been doing it half my life to Humans.
I mean he's of your race. He's an Ape.  Look.  You don't have to be afraid.  We've put him in chains and under sedation. Do you understand that?
He's a gorilla.
But he isn't us.  He's your own kind.
C'mon Snake - it's L.A. Everything's phony you know that.
You were injected with glucose. There is no Plutoxin 7 virus. You were never going to die - at least not from anything we gave you.
Plissken slow down the sub. You're overloading the power plant.
His reactor's starting to overheat.
Some areas have power - they're on line to San Onofre.
Heavy Third World connections. They get weapons drugs fuel choppers - everything is pumped into the island from the south.
L.A. is in a constant state of warfare. Gangs fighting for the right to rule.
It's a strain of the Plutoxin 7 virus. Genetically engineered. 100% pure death. Complete nervous system shutdown. You crash and bleed out like a stuck pig. Not a pretty sight.
The cigarette girl in New Vegas was an undercover cop. She injected you with incentive toxin. Right now it's swimming in your bloodstream. It'll start to take effect in 9 hours.
Utopia became depressed after her mother's suicide began to withdraw into her virtual reality simulator. She'd punch up her own little world in cyberspace and stay in it for days at a time.  Somebody else was in there with her.
Somehow during the tour she came into possession of a prototype transmitting device. We don't know how.
Zero emotional developments. Total lack of compassion. A highly developed psychopathic instinct to survive.
Perfect for the mission. Nobody else can pull it off - not an army not a man.
ComStat did a psychosearch on him. Used a database of 5 million sociopathic personalities. He hit the bottom of the curve.
Nobody leaves Cuervo Jones. Not unless you give your life. You fight till you're dead. Then I forgive you.  Understand?  Understand?
You're my woman you understand? You don't let anybody take you away from me without a fight.
Go on now. Do as I say.
Are we going to eat soon? I'm starved.
Now go get dressed. We have things to do.
He doesn't look like his picture.  I bet he's fake.
You never heard of Snake Plissken?
Who's that?
Cuervo look out behind you!
You're stalling Eddie.  Talk you little gringo!
He's... near.
Where's Plissken?
It's so good to see you again.
Oh Cuervo...
I thought he was but he came back.
You told me he was dead.
You're about to get hit Cuervo. It's Plissken.
Sure Cuervo but look here. I've done it all man. I killed Plissken I got your girl back I got it all. Just for you Cuervo. Just for you.
You said I could be Vice-President Cuervo. Your right-hand man.
Give it to me.
He jumped. Down there.  He's dead Cuervo. I did it. I killed Plissken.
Where is he?
Come on Cuervo. I delivered him didn't I? All I'm asking for is what you promised.
My name is Hershe Hernandez do you understand cowboy?
Where'd you get these rigs Carjack?
You always were a loser Plissken. Makin' things up as you go along. That's why I cut out on you in Cleveland. You're just a bum like the rest of us.
I'd like to get out but I don't have enough money.
Why should we leave? I love L.A. Where we gonna go? What's the payoff?
Cuervo Jones has more firepower than two armies. No one gets near him.
Wait a minute. All right. Hold on.
We have a little arrangement. Anything happens to me you're dead.
I wouldn't be doin' that Snake.
My name is no longer Carjack. Will you please get that through your fucking head?
No. The right skid's broken. If I try to set it down she'll crash. I have to stay in a hoverwhile you jump off.  Hey Carjack. We gotta hide the girl. Give her your dress.
Can you land?
I think we've burned off enough fuel. We may be lighter enough to hover. Just barely.
Somebody get off!
She's overloaded! We're too heavy.
If I'm late Carjack don't start without me.
See you in hell Snake.
I don't know yet.
No that sucks.  How are we getting out?
You want to stay here while Cuervo Jones rules the world?
I don't know sounds thin to me.
We get the girl and the prototype. And we get out.
So what's the deal gorgeous?
Say goodnight Carjack.
Dream on blue eye.
Get me to Cuervo Jones. Get me to the Kingdom. I got one hour.
I see your point. What's the favor?
I'm already dead.
I got a new deal for you.
All right so I made another deal.
Don't lie to me.
I was called away on urgent business Snake.
Not anymore.
Wait a minute. I know that voice.  You're Carjack Malone.
What's in it for me?
I need a favor.
The name's Plissken.
You're gonna have to learn to respect the law Snake. The United States is a no- smoking nation. No smoking no drinking do drugs no women unless you're married no guns no foul language. It's a brand new day for you Snake.
Got a smoke?
Yeah I got it.
Plissken - this is Malloy. Do you have the prototype?
It's history. I gotta go.
Where's the submarine? It's disappeared off our screens.
Plissken...?
Hands on switches and counting. 5...4...3...2...1. Launch.
Nuclear turbine to 75% power.
Lock fuel rods.
She's in the green.
A medical team will be standing by.
By the way - who gives me the anti-toxin?
Let's just say it's what's best for the country.
So you want me to take her out?  Is that an order from the President?
Cahuenga Pass. Make your way up through the mountains toward the Hollywood Bowl. You should be able to pick up Utopia's tracer there.  Once you go inside you're on your own.  You know what you have to do with the girl don't you?  We have to spare this nation her trial - for treason.
Where do I put ashore?
All you need to know is get it back here by 5 a.m.
So what does this thing do?
Third World wants to live like we do - and they plan on taking what they want. The Cubans and Brazilians are ready to invade Miami. If the Africans and Colombians make a run at the border we got a full scale attack on the United States.
There's a war about to be declared or didn't you know?
Defense against what?
Only a handful of people are aware of its existence. Let's just say it's the ultimate defensive weapon.
I'll need to know more about this thing.
Call me Snake.
I guess we have a deal. Nice to be working with you Plissken.
Get this crap out of me.
You don't understand. It's already in you.
Maybe. But you're not putting any shit in me this time.
Having second thoughts?
Wait a minute what are you talkin' about?
Tell the President to adopt. I think I'll like L.A.
That's the deal.
So what's the deal huh? Go into L.A. find the President's daughter secure the box and bring 'em both out - and I'm free?
That's right big shot. Unless you do what we want you're not coming back.
And I don't need to know. So fuck you I'm goin' to Hollywood.
Top secret. Only on a need to know.
What's the little black box do?
Shut up Plissken.
You assholes didn't bring me here to give me this for 20 years of dedicated service. What'ya want?
How you doin' Plissken?  You like the watch?
You're free Plissken. But if you even so much as break wind on a country road I'll crush you like a bug.
Relax war hero. We took you for a ride and you came through. Not bad for a dirtbag like you.
Well yeah. All you have to do is push the button.
Does he know how to activate it?
The prototype appears to be armed Mr. President.  Shall I begin evacuation?
So where's Plissken?
Getting ready to invade.
I give you my word. Put the prototype into my hands and you're a free man.
It's the President for Christ's sake!
Yeah. The place kept changing owners. Finally went bankrupt. That thing in Paris killed 'em.
Is that what I think it is?
If he lets you get close enough.
So maybe we can pull off a Texas switch on Cuervo.
Yeah kinda.
I got an idea Snake.  This looks like the prototype right?
Don't like it don't come.
I don't know about this thing.
Bluebacks. I'm not bullshittin'. I swear to God.
Aw come on Snake.
I used to represent the guy who invented it. I swear to God Snake. No bullshit.
How do you know all this?
Right. Keep goin' straight. Two blocks down turn right.
Cease fire with the bullshit.
I couldn't help it Snake. I had to shoot you. Cuervo made me do it I swear to God man.
Sure Snake. No problem.  You gonna kill me?
Listen up. I need directions. Downtown. Somebody named Hershe.
I could've helped you. We coulda made a deal with Cuervo. If you'd listen...
Oh man... You didn't have to hit me Snake. I can help you.
Where are they going?
Right over there.
Where is it?
All right. Anything for you Snake.  Although I was going to take you to Cuervo Jones' place.
I said pull over.
Stop the damn car.
Cuervo Jones' right-hand man. One tough hombre. You don't understand Snake. Cuervo Jones wants to unify the island. We're on the move man. Big time.
Too many people know where you're going Snake. That's not good. Delgado and his men were back there waiting for you.
Cuervo's got a place near Venice where the big birds fly. Nice digs too. I've been there y'know.
Who? You mean Cuervo Jones? He's the man with the juice Snake. Got the President's daughter. Setting up a citywide truce. Big doings.
Where are they?
Man I'd love to have your autograph Snake.
Where'd they go?
You're a star in your own right you know that? Hey I'm Map To The Stars Eddie. How you doin'?
All the sewers are collapsed under Venice. You have to go topside. Right up there.
Yeah. So how do I get to Venice?
Say you need anything Snake? Guns? Explosives? I can get you a crate of hellfire grenades no problem - five hours.
Good. I want you out. This is my sewer.
Looking to get out.
What're you doing in here?
Hershe. She lives downtown with Mojo Dellasandro in the big boat. Down that way.
You ain't doin' so good Snake. You need help.  You should talk to Hershe. She hates Cuervo. They used to be partners but they split up.
Anaheim. Headquarters for everything. The whole town's gonna be there. Things changin' fast around here Snake. It's not the same as the old days man.
Long gone. You'll never catch up with him now Snake.
Where's... Cuervo Jones...?
Could be a big one comin' any minute now...
Down that way.
Which way to the Hollywood Bowl?
Kind of a bad neighborhood Snake.
Run Snake...They're coming.
No! Stay away Snake. He's mucho muerte.
Find Cuervo Jones.
What are you gonna do in Venice?
It's where they live. I guess after everything happened they just needed to do what they'd always done before. During the daytime they just pull down the shades on their windows and sleep.
I know that. There are people in some of these cars.
The freeway.
What the hell is this?
I changed my mind. I'm going with you wherever you're going.
I don't know. Somehow I just can't leave.
Why don't you get out of L.A.? Take a boat to China take an airplane to Brazil?  Earthquakes death shit. Why do you stay?
How the hell am I supposed to know? This is your damn city.
Snake - what is it?
Sewers. Come on.
How do we get out of here?
Be careful of the bald cats. They live in these buildings.
I just thought you wanted to get away. I didn't know you wanted to go someplace.
This is a dead end.  You took us into a dead end!
Like hell I do.
You need help.
Don't follow me.
The Surgeon General of Beverly Hills.
Oh no it's the Doctor.
No screamin' shit.
They live here used to be like us. But after too many silicon implants their muscles turned to jelly. The only way they survive is to have body parts transplanted over and over again.  Snake nobody who comes into Beverly Hills gets out alive.
What are they?
A little bit. But pretty soon I'm gonna be dead. So are you Snake.
Are you crazy?
Hi Snake. It's so great to meet you. My name's Taslima. I'm a fan of yours.
Give me the prototype.
Where's the anti-toxin...?
Get ready shitheads. We're comin' in.
I've been doin' that all my life. Might as well do it in L.A. Everybody else there is.
You're running out of time.
Well I'll think it over.
Utopia is lost to me. My daughter is gone.
I can see you're real concerned about your daughter.
Uh-uh. Bluebacks.
Yeah? Greenbacks? I got ten million of them.
The President's promised to give whoever helps me 1 million dollars.
Yeah. With me and Texas Mike O'Shay.
Hershe you were in Cleveland?
You owe me. You left me holdin' everything back there in Cleveland.
I'm looking for somebody.
Hey what's going down Snake?
He hit a guard.
What did he do?
They don't give two fucks about your health.  The Clinic's where they send the real hard-cases for attitude adjustment.  Look at O'Neill --
You mean if I get sick?
Don't they ever let us take these boots off?
You look great Castor. Really.  Here -- I got a shot of your favorite -- Mescal.  Even has the worm.
Do I look wasted -- asshole?
They never should've voted against U.S. statehood -- the scumbags.  We heard you got wasted.
Waxy Wright.  Didn't Jon Archer bust you for poisoning five members of the Canadian parliament?
What do you expect us to do -- shut down the city evacuate two million people on a hunch?
I don't care -- he's manipulating it.  That bomb has been built and it's out there somewhere.
Jon he's hooked up to a full-spectrum polygraph. No one has ever beaten --
He's lying.
Sorry Admiral.  It wasn't mentioned in the job description.
Try to kiss my butt just once before I'm transferred.
... Thanks.
Yeah real fine.  Especially all the casualties.
Fine work Jon.
You're not holding him right ... Caz ...
Yes ... someone might want to tear him apart -- snuff him out -- for revenge.
Five.  No one knows you're his father.  I thought someone might want to hurt him -- just to hurt you.
How old is he?
Go on Adam ...  I'm not asking you for anything -- I was never even going to tell you. But hell I never thought I'd see you again either.
Of course he is ...  -- He's yours too.
Nice-looking kid.
Should be.  It's yours.
Perfect fit.
I'm not the same person you remember.
Like I had a choice with that anal-retentive Jon Archer rising my ass at the probation hearing.  At least he took an interest. You took off without leaving so much as a Post-it.
I hear you're a manicurist now -- got your own business and everything.  I'm glad you've stayed clean.
Better than you bleeding all over my car upholstery. Trust me Caz you won't be here long.
You shouldn't have brought me here ... it's dangerous.
Where am I?
The last time I took orders from you I ended up with five years probation.
Jesus Christ Castor.
Yeah -- me.
Uh-oh somebody's in trouble.
Right ... like Jon Archer would ever let that happen.
Or reactivated the first one.
He's your brother you figure it out.  Maybe he made another bomb.
Why would he need more?
Yes.  Pollux bought one along with the original batch.  Obviously he found a way to make more.
And this thing can grow it?
For being one helluva guy.
Thanks Pollux.
Being stuck in this rat-hole when it blows.  Bro what you built was a work of art. That little fucker belongs in the Smithsonian.
What's worse than losing five million bucks?
That's not the worst part.
Only one you've never broken.
And I bet I've kept that promise ...
After that.  You promised you'd always take care of me.
Uh -- to kill the doctors?
Retching and convulsing while those bastards didn't even try to save her sorry ass.  You gave her mouth to mouth -- man -- even then you had some constitution.
Oh God -- Mom OD'd at County General.
A few blanks?  Like what?
I don't know.  Everything's jumbled -- so you're going to have to help me fill in a few blanks.
You porked his wife the day he was arrested.  How could you forget that?
Do you know what it is to be in a coma?  It fucks up everything -- including your memory! I can't even tell you why Dobbs jumped me yesterday!
Let me have a look.
I was in a coma Pollux. I still feel like shit.
You shoot hoops like a chick you smoke like a wuss and -- I don't know -- you're different.
What do you mean?
So?  The procnias averano is a South American bird.  The flight here was only three hours!  And yesterday a European swallow flew by! Where the fuck are we?
They haven't found it yet -- Listen Pollux ...
You're not my brother.  The brother I knew would never have been caught by that dumb fuck Archer.  At least tell me the bomb is still going off.
Hey bro ...
Damn right.
I started wondering -- if you couldn't switch back -- would it make a difference?
That's what they always say.
No life signs at all. He's a turnip.
Jon if I'm not there he will be tipped off.  I'll get rid of Jamie -- but you and I are in this together.
Can't we call someone? Admiral Lazarro?
The bomb.  He's reactivated it.  And everyone there is going to die.
Jon what is it?
You can't go.  You can't be anywhere near that place.
-- Or maybe all at once.  There's a get-together tonight at New St. Marks. For all the bureau chiefs and their families.  He's insisted Jamie and I be there too.
He's going to kill off our bureau chiefs -- one-by-one.
What do you mean?
Our Pacific Rim stations. These numbers must be bounties. Castor's not wasting any time.
He freaked out when he thought I had seen this stuff.  I think it's a list of cities -- Santiago Ho Chi Minh City Nandi ...
Whatever happened whatever he did -- I know it's my fault and I know I can never make it up to you --
Christ Jon!  How could you do this to yourself? How could you do this to us?  Do you know -- do you know what he did to me ...?
Tell me what happened on April 9th -- 13 years ago.
What more proof do you need?
I don't know that.  Maybe Jon's already dead.
Why point it at me?  I'm the real thing.
I took it from my fake husband.
An NSA surgeon gave me Castor's face.  He handled the transplant the vocal implant everything.  But somehow Castor came out of his coma -- and killed everyone who knew about the mission. But not before he was transformed into me.
How did he expect to do that?
-- I called but I'm not Castor.  I'm your husband.
I know you -- you're the one who called.  You're Castor Troy.  You killed my son --
Don't hang up ...
Whoever you are don't call again.
Think about it Eve! Everything he's done recently has been peculiar right?  He's said and done things your husband would never do ...
Okay you're having an emotional crisis.  You need to seek the help of a trained --
Never mind that!  Just take Jamie and get out of that house.  Don't tell anyone where you're going -- especially not him -- just GO.
Who is this?
Eve listen carefully.  The man you think is your husband -- isn't.
Is someone there?
You want me to tell you it's okay to leave?  Okay go on!  GO!
I can't tell you ... except only I can do it.
You said you'd be here! You promised me -- you promised Jamie!  What could be more important than that?
One last time.  It's important ...
What are you saying?  Oh God -- you're going on assignment again ...
And you wouldn't be.
Five years ... I still can't get it out of my head -- an inch to the left Matty would still be alive.
I don't know ...  Maybe because you've never needed my help.
Were you there to catch me?
Totally -- you were being very very bad.  You went up in the plane and jumped out.  You had a parachute but it didn't open.
So you had a nightmare.
Actually -- in this dream -- I was your mother.
Must've been after we got engaged.
We were back in high school. You wanted to join the sky diving team but I wouldn't let you.
Something good?
... I was dreaming ...
So is finishing my residency and passing my boards ...
It's important.
I'm late for surgery.
We need to talk.
Jon ... we just remember how it used to be.  You staying for a while or is this just a piss-stop?
Is that what you think?
Everything I say is wrong. I can't talk to her anymore.
Well you tried.  You failed miserably but you tried.
Just make sure you're there.  On time.
This is it Jon.  For the next 72 hours -- you're on your own.
Call Lazarro.  Castor just came out of his coma.
Either way come Saturday morning -- I'm pulling you the hell out of there.
Don't worry.  I've done my homework.  I'll get Pollux to talk.
You haven't got a chance in hell of fooling Pollux. Castor drinks smokes and walks around with a 24-hour hard-on.  He's nothing like you.
She doesn't know -- and she never will.
Jon this is goddam insane. You can't go through with it.  What about Eve?
The left I think.  Those surgeons in Witness Protection can fix things nobody's even broken yet.
Which ear was it?
He'd see that a mile away.  The only person he'd talk to about that bomb is his brother.  Unfortunately turnips can't talk.
We can send in a plant -- try to get Pollux to spill the location.
Castor's still alive --  Technically.  He's a turnip on total life-support ...
Apparently fine.  He's coming into work.  That's the good news ...
How's Loomis?
You said it Jon not me.
I'm not hiding in my work if that's what you're saying.
I just asked you about making love to your wife and you started talking about your job.
One of my informants spotted him -- right here in the city.
You're supposed to make time. When was the last time you told her you love her?  When was the last time you two had sex?
I've been working night and day.  I haven't had time.
You missed the last three including her birthday.  Your wife's gripe sheet.
Like gangbusters doc.  Okay I missed the last one.
Not if I kill you first ...
Give up Castor.  People are going to find out.
Five seconds.
I don't know.  How long before it kills us?
Vacuum-sealed globe ... shouldn't take long.
What -- what are you doing?
Too late your kid worships me.  And your wife -- she's an animal.  Even I can't keep up with her.
Stay away from my family!
What are you going to do!
Let's not confuse things anymore.  I'm Archer. You're Castor.  But if you need proof --
What are you going to do Castor?
Of course I killed them you DUMB FUCK.  And torched every shred of evidence that proves who you really are.  Swallow this one Commander. You are going to be in here for the rest of your life.
You killed them?
It can't be.  It's impossible.
Not anymore.
Don't count on it.
You can tell me all about it -- from your prison cell.
You can't kill me Jon. I've got something going this Saturday night ... it's gonna be worse than anything God ever dumped on the Pharaohs -- and only I can stop it.
Mention my family once more and you're dead.
What're you gonna do with me gone?  You'll drive your wife and kid nuts! I bet your daughter is just about ripe by now. What's her name Janie?
You're under arrest. Incredibly you still have the right to remain silent --
What's it to you?  I declare it.  Here I am back in the States for less than a month --
Jon I'm getting a little annoyed by your obsessive need to spoil my fun.
Or what?  You'll have me fired?
Walton you have to let me see the warden --
Archer cut him a deal for turning state's evidence. He's free.
Pollux is -- what?
You better be nice Castor. You could get mighty lonely now that Pollux is gone.
I'm going to have you fired.
You'll what?
So's a noose.  Now keep your mouth SHUT.
They're too tight.
Castor Troy almost strangled me to death.  Where the hell were you?
What's the matter with your voice Commander?
Just saving the tax-payers the cost of a trial.  So take a hike.
I've never been more certain of anything. Get everyone in position. -- And get the word out -- shoot to kill.
What makes you so sure this guy's gonna set up his own brother?
We've got him sighted. Okay Pollux pull out.
Trust me he's already here. Get going!
SFPD?  Castor isn't stupid enough to come back to the city.
Yeah mom cut me some slack -- but I decided ... I'd like to be here for you.  Here mom.  You can have it back.  Thanks though.
There's my little darling.  The night wouldn't be complete without you.
I mean like protection.
You mean like ... condoms?
Did it look like I was siding with him?  Did it?  You want to play with the bad boys you better be prepared.  Do you have protection?
You haven't changed at all! Some guy tries to rape me -- and you side with him!
What are you -- stupid?
Like you know anything about it.
Get a higher arc on the ball Jamie.  And for Chrissake square your shoulders to the basket.
You'll be seeing a lot of changes around here. Daddy's a new man.
When did you start smoking?
I won't tell mom if you don't.
Clarissa left those here.
Screw your boundaries Janie.  You have something I want.
The Admiral?
Get rid of them.
You've got someone in your office.
Let's try to be a little less formal from now on shall we?
You always call me Miss Brewster.
That's your name isn't it?
Well I saw you -- Kim.
Oh -- Commander.  I didn't see you ...
You can't blame me for trying.
You're both in custody until there's a DNA fingerprinting and we can prove who's who. Now put the gun down.
Obviously someone else knows it!  Get everybody back to their posts -- NOW!
It was confirmed by your personal security code. Nobody knows that code but you!
Backing you up!  Didn't you track Castor to the Army Street Terminal?
Where should I be?  Where's everyone else?
Commander what are you doing here?
What the fuck do you think happened?  Castor Troy just shot him!  What are you waiting for?  GO!
What happened?
Escaped?  From Erewhon?  I want everyone on this -- our entire force and the SFPD.
Castor's escaped!
What happened?
You picked a helluva day to leave your beeper off!
Like I fucking care?  I'm not just sitting here!
A lot of people think you're a snitch.  It's dangerous ...
What about me?
No problem.
You'll need to recultivate that virus.
Good because I checked your salary -- and it bites.  How the everyday working-class stiff survives in today's economy is something I'll never ...
All of them do.  We'll kill twelve birds with one bomb.  And we'll be rich.
Most of the current chiefs -- they must have pretty hefty prices on their heads.
We gut the organization -- and rebuild it with more reliable friends.
Yeah -- it's Santa's Magic fucking Village.  Your present's in here.
Eight pocket stingers ... seven piper uzis ... six cobra carbines ...  five - net - launch-ers ...
There's fun bro.  Then there's FUN.
I'm just having some fun.
Are you TRYING to give us away? For somebody with such a big brain you think awfully small.
Don't worry nobody knows I'm inside.  Check it out.  Remember that fat fuck agent who roughed us up in Thailand?  He's being treated for bone cancer at the V.A.  Thanks to the miracle of NSA grid-technology ...  -- Ooops!  His radiation does just quadrupled.
You're supposed to be snitching making me look legit.
Don't get mad but I just went for a little stroll through the company switches.
Trust me.  You're gonna love it ...
No -- the best part is since it's a government job -- they can't fire you!  But how can you be sure you'll get the appointment?
-- I'll be one of the most powerful men in the country. Didn't matter how much cash I made pulling wet jobs -- I was still too low on the food chain -- always with somebody like Jon Archer after me.  The best part is -- I'm the GOOD guy.
You better get used to it. That bitch Lazarro is getting kicked upstairs. Guess what white-bread family man is going to replace her?
I can't even look at you without wanting to vomit.
You merciless bastard!
Okay then.  I leave it in your able hands.
No.  Most of them are in transit by now.  I'm heading over to the hotel to personally oversee security.
I just thought that -- under the circumstances -- you might want to postpone the meeting with the station chiefs.
What is it Admiral? I'm under the gun here.
I just heard about Castor's fratricide -- rather poetic don't you think?
Jon you're starting to remind me -- of me.  Congratulations.
Done.  In fact I was already plotting about the best way to meet the foreign bureau chiefs.
You'd have to start immediately.
I had doubts too.  I always looked at a desk as though it were a ball-and-chain. But something happened ...
Me.  I have doubts about your ability to stick with what is essentially a desk job.
What's that?
D.C.'s very high on giving you the promotion.  There's just one problem.
Just following your example.
You've made us look pretty good in the past week.  And the way you handled the press --
You're the only person in this place who can see right through me.
Normally I would.  But today ...
Look at you Jon -- at your age -- an American hero!  I'd buy you a drink but I know you'd just turn me down.
Wait a second -- you hated Madonna.  Didn't you?
Back then -- who wasn't?
Remember this from our junior prom?  Boy were you ever mad for Madonna.
Sure baby -- go anywhere you want.  But I have to give you an escort.  Security reasons.
I'm going to the powder room.
Good.  Because I'm fed up.
I'll deal with her later.
That's what I'd like to know.  She stole fifty dollars from my purse and took off.
Where's Jamie?
Okay I have a confession to make.  But you aren't going to like it.
I disagree.  You think I've been acting strange.  Like a completely different person.
-- Studying.
What are you doing?
I'll have a talk with her. By the way you never said anything about last night ...
Yes Jon.  That Karl.
Oh that Karl.
Great?  He's 17 -- you told her to stay away from him.
I think Jamie's been seeing Karl again.
Okay if you insist. But -- you drive.
The world can wait Jon. You're going.
I'm late.  Gotta protect and serve the world y'know.
Jon it's the tenth.  I know how difficult it is for you but we still have to go.
What's on your mind?
Call me spontaneous.
You're wearing your suit --
So you see I'm not going anywhere.  Unless it's upstairs with you ...
... That's great.
I'm replacing Lazarro. Nice safe desk job -- just like you wanted.
Can't you see I'm trying to change?  I sent Jamie off because I wanted to be alone with you.  I wanted to see the candle-light dance in your beautiful --
You always say that -- then you leave.
I'm not going anywhere.
Isn't that what all this is about?  Letting Jamie go out cooking me dinner -- your next assignment?
So -- how long will you be gone this time?
You wouldn't even sip champagne at our wedding. We were underage -- you wouldn't break the law.  Remember what my brother called you?
Wouldn't be the first time -- or would it?
I think -- you're trying to get me drunk.
They say love is blind. Do you think that's true?
Why do I feel like I'm on a blind date?
-- I've got to study.
Hurry up -- the salad's getting warm and the pasta's getting cold.
Don't I usually kiss my wife?
What is with you tonight?
Have fun at work.
Jon -- I don't have time to play games.  There're leftovers in the fridge.
The hospital?  Oh that's right -- you're a doctor.  Ha-ha.
The hospital.
It didn't work out as planned. Where are you off to?
As much as ever.  Nothing.
What do you know about it?
Tell me.  When you grew up in Brooklyn how many astronauts did you know?  You went your own way then.  You didn't listen to people.  So why start now...?
I wouldn't know anything about that.
You don't know what it's like out there.  Walking around like some kind of circus freak.  People staring whispering --
This ain't permanent.  My friend Reed's working on a cure...I think.
You know you could'a run an ad in the personals.
I like the sound of that.
We're going to have to work on your touch.
My step-dad's.  I'm strictly into stone.  I was wondering when you'd walk by.
Those yours too?
No I mean...I'm a little...dusty...
Relax it's casual.
I'm not really dressed for a party.
I'm blind not deaf.  Wanna come in?
How'd you know it was me?
Trust me this ain't one of those times.
Such a sad face... You know sometimes being different isn't a bad thing.
You wouldn't say that if you could see me.
I don't think She's real big on hate.
Forget it egghead.  I'm good as is.
Ben I've been crunching the numbers on the machine.  I think if we can rework the power settings...
Got it teach.
Time for <u>your</u> lesson Vic.  Chem 101: what happens when you <u>supercool</u> hot metal...?  Ben...
Ben I don't know if this thing'll change us back or make us worse. I need you to be patient for a little while longe--
Yeah.  I can tell.  Victor was right.
We're working as hard as we can --
Oh you remember my name do you?  You happen to remember what you <u>swore</u> to do with every breath in your body?
This isn't permanent Johnny.  We need to be careful until we're normal again.
It's about to be a broken face.
O-kay.  We'll skip that question.
Not unless you want that clipboard stretched up your --
Ben I'm afraid I've got to ask --
Yeah.  You don't wanna know the details.
Okay.  I've uh got some questions from Sue.  That she thought might be better coming from me... Can you you know go to the bathroom...like normal...
If we're going to identify the source of the mutation we need to isolate your recombinant DNA so we can activate positional genomes.
You got a chisel round here?
Yeah nine years straight.
We had a tough year.
Am <u>I</u> okay?!  You wanna explain that?!
Ben.  Are you okay?
What the --!
I think I need to lie down.  Bad shrimp.
Are you alright?
Well maybe <u>you</u> should date him.
He's smart powerful successful --
I'm sorry did that cosmic-bath loosen your screws?
What?  Come on.  She's got a good thing with Victor --
Reed I'm not talking about Debbie.
Yeah you and Debbie and perfect --
You go through something like this makes you appreciate having the right woman in your life.
I should have done more run more tests --
Reed.  Even <u>you</u> can't compute every little thing.
I don't know.  I just keep going over and over the numbers.
Three days.  I was worried about you. How are you feeling?
How long was I out?
Ben.  This is serious.  <u>Turn around</u>.
I ain't done arranging your flowers egghead.
<u>Should</u>?
The shields on the station should protect us.
Victor's better at these things.
This is your dream Reed.  You should be the one up there.
He's made a few changes.
Isn't that <u>your</u> speech?
This makes five.
I had it at four.
Five times.
When have I asked you to do something you absolutely said you could not do?
I'm sure he's matured since then.
They crashed it into a wall.  A flight <i>simulator</i>.
Youthful high spirits.
No.  I cannot take orders from that underwear model.  That wingnut washed out of NASA for sneaking two Victoria Secret wannabes into a flight simulator.
External SRBs orbital system engines. Its just like the shuttles you flew in --
Can't do it.  I cannot do it.
I know I know.  I'm just worried about what <u>he</u> wants... Speaking of which...
We got what we wanted.  That's <u>enough</u>.
Maybe you should think about <u>yourself</u> for once.  You always let this guy push you round --
Ben think about all the people we can help if this works --
He <u>knew</u> about NASA.  What if he made the call to shut us down --
Ben the money's not important.  We could <u>save lives</u>.
What about his first born?
Ben.  This is business.  Just work.
I can't take this.
You'd never know it.
He's financed some of the biggest breakthroughs of this century.
This wasn't our first stop in case you forgot NASA.  And Victor's not that bad.  He's just a little...  Larger than life.
Good thing it ain't workin... Reed what are we doing here?  This guy's fast-food strip-mall science --
Hey I'm Mr. Sensitivity now.  Clear the way wide load coming through.
No more cracks about how I look.
Really?  With a name like Von <u>Doom</u>? Never saw <u>that</u> one coming.
The machine works.  And Vic's gone Mister Hyde on us --
Go back to the drawing board.
Hey!  That's a <u>prototype</u>!
Give me the god damn mirror!
They said that's not such a good idea the shock alone could --
Give me a mirror...
I swear to you they've done everything humanly possible.  The best plastic surgeons in the world Ben.  You had the best --
What's wrong with me?
They're fine.  Everybody <i>else</i>...is fine.
Reed? ... Sue?
Back on Earth.  Victor's medical facility... We're in quarantine.
Where...where am I?
Don't you wander off boy.
Put your tiny little mind at ease.
Let's see: you got Victor stud of the year more coin than God?  Or Reed the world's dumbest smart guy worth less than a postage stamp.  Hmmm it's a toss-up.
Hey two hearts got busted last time. Maybe she's not over it either.
Yeah well his eyes say different.
'Course not.  Strictly business.
Please tell me your dawg's not trying to rekindle things with my sister.
Keep talking there won't <u>be</u> a next time.
If you behave maybe next time daddy'll let you drive.
Actually the engines are SMEs. Hydrogenbase carbon propellant. Couple generations past your last ride.  I'm not as dumb as you look.
What the hell you smiling at?  Just keep your mouth shut and your mind on those SMBs --
I already got it.  Everything I want.
What did you wish for honey?
Deb it's me.  It's still me.
Oh my G-g-g.  What did you...do to Ben?
Baby you're scaring me.
Out front?  You home baby?  I got a surprise for you.
Deb... It's me.  I need you to step out front.
I don't care about rocks I care about <u>you</u>.  You bring him back in one piece or you can forget being Best Man.
Soon as I'm back I'm gonna trade that in for a bigger rock.
Just get back soon or I start looking for a new groom.
I'll be watching over you.
And you can?  Power it up?
He <u>also</u> said we'd avoid that storm in space.  And we know how that turned out.
Reed said it'd be weeks till --
To help you.  I've run every test known to man.  And they all yield the same result: <u>the machine is ready</u>.
What do you want Vic?
Where do you <u>think</u>?  With <u>Sue</u>.
What is this?  Where's Reed?
Ben come in.
Come on.  Let me buy you something to eat.  Looks like you could use the company.
About me?  How sweet.
I'm worried about you.
What are <u>you</u> doing here?
Victor must've taken him.
<u>Where is Reed</u>?
No it's not.  I thought I was done waiting for Reed... We're all in this together now Ben.
It's easy for you to be patient.
Just give Reed a little more time. You know how he works -- analyzing every little step before he takes one --
It's not him.  It's <u>them</u>.  I can't live like this.
He didn't mean it.  You know Johnny. He's always been a hothead --
<u>What</u> did he do to the uniform?!
I wouldn't be caught dead in that.
The suit will stretch.  You should try it --
You look like an eighties rock band.
Well why didn't you say so?  You want me to lift some weights or something?
We need to give you a physical so we know what got zapped.
Wouldn't want to keep Vic waiting.
I can only stay for one drink Ben. I've got to meet with Victor.
Is it safe?
We can monitor the cloud's approach and observe the tests from here.
Victor did.
I can handle the ship.  I can even handle Mr. Blonde Ambition.  But I don't know if I should be flying or playing Vegas in these suits.  Who the hell came up with them?
I'll schedule the launch.  Call me in the morning to talk about resources and crew.
Way to not overthink it.  So when do we leave?
That's terrible news...
But...this disease...is progressive... degenerative...
The Center for Disease Control.  If this thing is contagious --
I wish I could tell you.  I can't pretend to know what we're dealing with here.  I'll notify the CDC and --
At this rate the infection should be complete in two maybe three weeks --
Like the shields Reed said would protect us.  How long?
I don't really know.  A compound organic-metallic alloy.  Stronger than titanium or carbon steel.  Harder than diamonds --
And they're changing into...
Your tissue your organs your entire biophysical structure is changing. Every system is still functioning somehow --
<u>Now</u>.
But all these people...
Johnny.  SUPERNOVA.
A higher calling like getting girls and making money?
Act.  Here we go again.  Reed what if we got these gifts for a <u>reason</u>?  What if we have some you know...like calling?
You need to control yourself and <u>think</u> before you --
Right whatever have fun.
That's what I'm trying to calculate. And it's not rubber.  It's muscle tendon.  I seem to have the ability to manipulate the malleability of my molecular structure and redistribute my density to --
They're not costumes.
He's right.  These costumes are... missing something.  I can't put my finger on it --
Oh well that's easy: I'm hot. You're...well you're a little limp. Sue's easy to see through.  And Ben's always been a hardass.  Why aren't you writing this down?
What?  No.  I'm trying to figure out why we each ended up with different symptoms.
What are you trying to say?  Just because I dress well and like to dance --
Is there something about flames? About flaming that you --
Gotcha.  Okay.  Supernova bad.
Not only could you kill yourself but you could set fire to Earth's atmosphere and destroy all human life as we know it.
I can go hotter!
Back it down Johnny!
...and figure out how to reverse them. Let me show you to your rooms.
This place is deluxe.  You got cable?
We should stay here until we can define the extent of our changes...
Twenty?  From outside the place looks a lot taller.
What he's trying to say is: every team needs a mascot...
Ben Grimm is a genuine American hero who's been through a terrible orde--
You've been working out.
This is wrong in so many ways.
Ben are you there?
Oh you dawg you.  Better not be my nurse!
Cool.  What'd it do to you guys?
The cloud has fundamentally altered our DNA.
Now what is up with <i>that</i>?
He's not responsive --
What about you?
Victor's right.  Johnny get to the command center.  Close the shields.
No: You're <u>ON FIRE</u>!
Not this again --
You're on fire!
Last one down springs for room service.
I though we went over this.
Stay right.  Left is trouble.
Meet me at 4:01 top of the run. That'll give you a minute to freshen up.
My shift ends at four but I couldn't --
I've never felt better in my life. When do you get off work?
I mean you feel a little feverish.
So are you!
You're hot!
And where do we think we're going?
But Johnny...you <u>can't fly</u>.
Sis.  Let <u>me</u> take care of <u>you</u> for once.
What are you doing --
No <u>I'm</u> sorry for pushing you out.
I'm sorry sis for leaving you guys --
As soon as you stop <u>acting</u> like one. Come on you're <u>smarter</u> than this. You think those people out there <u>care</u> about you?  You're just a <u>fad</u> to them.
Look around sis!  <u>She's not here</u>.  So you can stop talking to me like I'm your little boy --
Johnny slow down.  <u>Think</u>.  You know mom didn't raise us to --
At least it beats living in a lab like somebody's science project.
Yeah for the last time I hope.  I'm done with this freak show.  I'm moving back to the real world.
Johnny?  Did you see Ben?
Blockhead started it!
You two need a time-out.
You're gonna pay for that Pebbles.  What?!
Dude.  That's my sister.
I'm driving.
<u>Girl</u>...?!
Uh we call my sister the invisible girl...the Invisible Girl.
That's the temperature of the <u>sun</u>.
You were at 4000 Kelvin.  Any hotter you're approaching supernova --
You're really cramping my style here.
Is that a trick question?  C'mon I can't be the only one who thinks this is cool.
Grow up Johnny.  You want to run around <u>on fire</u> for the rest of your life?
Wait.  You mean there's chance we could be full-on-24-7-fantastic?
I think that thing is Ben.
What is that <i>thing</i>?
Flame on flame off.  Flame on flame off --
<u>Please</u> tell me you go silent too.
Apparently I can disappear.
Keep the hot side hot and the cool side cool!
The synthetics act as a second skin adapting to your individual needs to --
Top left like you asked.  Today Wall Street.  Tomorrow who knows...maybe Washington.
Front page?
Yes sir.  You've got the Mayor at eight then a nine-thirty interview with the Journal --
Make sure you find Ben bring him back here.  And keep it quiet.  I don't need this to hit the press.
Sir I've always wondered... Why <u>Sue</u>? You could have any woman in the world but --
Later.  First I've got some unfinished business.  A deal that needs closing...
You know maybe you should get some rest --
And that's a <u>good</u> thing?
Get me on the AM shows Larry King cover of the Journal...  I've <u>got to</u> do something about this scar.  Make sure they only shoot my right side.
Sir I'm sure he wouldn't put himself --
Reed's disaster.  You know I half- think he did this to me on purpose.
Stable.  We're looking at low twenties.  It's a good number considering the fallout from --
How's the IPO?
Recording sir.  We see you perfectly.
Leonard how's the feed?
History Leonard.  <u>History</u>. Everything else is conversation...  How's the other matter?
Then what is it?
It's not just the money.  I could make money in my sleep.
Our numbers are through the roof.  The IPO's tracking at fifty sixty a share.  The bank's five times oversubscribed --
They're ready for you sir.
Reed's <u>always</u> right.  Good thing he doesn't always know what he's got...
And if he's not...?
If Reed's right then this little trip will double our stock offering.
Which is precisely the <u>point</u>. Analysis is over.  It's time for <u>action</u>.  My men could have mass- produced this by now.
But I'm not done with the machine --
What I <u>should</u> have done a long time ago.  Applications and patents Reed. This all belongs to me.
What are you doing here?
I don't want to <u>understand</u> it.  This isn't one of your science projects.  I just want to <u>fix</u> it.  <u>Fast</u>!
Victor if we could understand what happened to us --
<u>Abort</u>?  Reed I put my company my name billions of dollars on the line and I will <u>not</u> let you make me look like a fool --
<u>I</u> ruined?  With all due respect I told you to abort --
Didn't go as <u>planned</u>?  It was a <u>catastrophe</u>.  You ruined the lives of four people --
Not much.  We need to run tests to see the extent of the damage.
I'm starting to wonder the same thing... How much do you know about what happened to you?
He's had some kind of...reaction to exposure from the cloud.  And he's not the only one.
<u>Ben</u> did this?
Ben did this.
Just a little banged up.  A couple scrapes.  Why?
It's too late for him and soon it'll be too late for all of us.
Not until Ben is back inside!
Reed we're running out of time.
Come on Ben come on...
So reel him in.  But we came here to do a <u>job</u>.  So let's do it.  <u>Quickly</u>.
Ben's still out there --
Get a grip.  Reed.  We didn't come all this way to lose our nerve at the first little glitch.  Just close the shields...
We've got <u>minutes</u> until it hits not hours...Victor that storm's <u>deadly</u> -- the radiation's lethal.  We need to abort.
Got it.  So take a walk Ben...I'm going to borrow Susan for a second.
Funny how things turn out isn't it?
The number's <u>seventy-five</u>.  And it's applications <u>and</u> patents.
You back this mission and I'll sign over a fair percentage of any applications or --
Not at all.
This isn't going to be a problem is it?
You remember in school we talked about working together.  That's what I was about to explain...
But dreams don't pay the bills do they?  Same old Reed the hopeless optimist. Still reaching for the stars with the world on your back.
A <u>gasket</u>?  Reed we're at a party.
I found a broken gasket from space --
I'm sure I can come up with something.
Sue I need some of that anger rage frustration --
You <u>need</u> a doctor.
The power...I need...more power...to control...the storm --
Reed stop you need to rest your --
I can...make it work.
That would have kinda defeated the purpose.  And Reed...  I'm saying it now.
Why didn't you say something?
When I walked out I waited <u>ten</u> <u>minutes</u> outside your door.  Ten. Waiting for you to come find me.
I did.  I did Reed...but I wanted <u>you</u> to be that man.
You always talked about how you liked the kind of man who could approach you...speak his mind.  One who wasn't afraid to tell you what he wanted.
I gave him twenty.
You know I bribed the projectionist ten bucks to keep it open late?
Of course I was.  I'd read all your papers on bioethics.  Some of them two times just so I'd have something to say to you.
You <u>were</u>?
Remember our first date here...?  God I was so nervous.
Reed.  Shh.  Just be quiet.  And look up.
I could get Ben to tap into the Baxter's main power to generate enough voltage --
<u>I'm</u> not the only one in there.  I got you Vic Ben Johnny all rattling around in there.
Every variable but <u>yourself</u>.  You don't eat sleep.  You can't live in your head like --
Which is why I'm working <u>twenty</u> hours a day checking every variable --
Better than your <u>life</u>.  Victor's not the one who has to get into that thing.  <u>We</u> are.
He was going to take away all my data equipment --
Don't let Victor push you into making a mistake --
No way to know.  Without more tests experiments.
Reed.  How close are we to a cure?
With the right energy we can stabilize the storm.  Maybe tie into the city grid...
And you sure you can control this thing?  Last time didn't work out so well.
Of course.  Of course.
But <u>we're</u> the focus right Reed? <u>Reed</u>...?
Curing countless diseases not just ours.
And reverse the mutations --
If we can build a machine to re-create the storm we can reverse the polarity --
The plants from space.  Their particles are still charged.  With the right amount of energy those ions could <u>create</u> the elemental profile of the cosmic storm.
What are you doing?
No.  There weren't.  There was <u>you</u>. And <u>me</u>.  No variables no math.  It was actually the simplest thing in the world.  But your head got in the way... like it always does.
There were a lot of variables to consider --
I just wanted to share an apartment. What was so complicated about that?
I think it was a little more complicated than --
Reed.  I was ready for the next step you weren't ergo I walked.
No I distinctly remember: <u>you</u> walked out <u>my</u> door.  Ergo...
Are you kidding?
I mean <u>you</u> broke up with <u>me</u> right?
What in the world would give me that idea?
I'm sorry I'm sorry I didn't mean to do that... You must think that was some kind of latent hostility or --
I'm sure I can come up with something.
Okay.  Is there any way to duplicate that feeling?  Some memory or...
Anger.  Rage.  Frustration.
I'm saying if you had a little more self control you could locate the trigger.  Can you remember the exact emotions when --
You should be able to bend light around other objects even people if you could control your emotional state better --
What about you?  You haven't eaten in days.  How come you're never on this side of the microscope?
If it happened to him then it could...
That's what we're here to find out.
How come Ben can't turn it on and off like us?
What...?  <u>Oh</u>.
Sue.  Your clothes.  Lose them.
We need to get past them.
Let's not jump to conclusions we need a <i>massive amount of evidence</i> before making that leap.
It has to be the cloud.  It's fundamentally altered our DNA.
Sue...<i>look at your hands</i>.
What?  What do you mean you --
Uh Sue...?  I <u>can't</u>.
You are such a dork Reed... You never got it and never will unless it's explained to you in quantum physics.
For science.
I can tell you guys are enjoying what was the best part of our relationship --
You're <u>happy</u> for me and Victor.
You always had a way with words.  I should be getting back.
That's good.  That's uh...good.
Yes thanks.
Feeling better?
Great minds think alike.
Material made from self-regulating unstable molecules.  I've been working on a formula for this.
Well he's welcome to ride shotgun but we already have a pilot on our payroll.  You remember my brother Johnny...
As far as crew I was hoping Ben could pilot the mission --
It's been changed.
I uh think I remember the number.
Right.  That's exactly what I meant.
Well uh based on our history...you can handle the biogenetics and I'll focus on the molecular physics.  Or uhm maybe I should take the biotech you work the microscopes since you have some background in electropho--
I was talking about us.  Working together.
Those solar winds are flaring but I factored them into my coordinates and --
Never better.
You're you've I mean how have you bee--
Victor we <u>can't do anything</u> until the research is ready.
Oh I think you already have.
Please don't make this personal --
Then why is Reed dragging his feet? Maybe he <u>likes</u> having his prize specimen under glass...  It's ironic isn't it?  You're finally the perfect woman for him...because you're his <u>science project</u>.
If these molecules aren't stable they could make us <u>worse</u> maybe even kill us.
Same old Reed.  All analysis no action.  Wasn't that the problem with you two?
He's working round the clock.  But the data needs to be tested analyzed before --
Susan.  What are you doing?
Victor wait slow down a second.  I want you to know I appreciate everything you've done for me but I just don't --
It is.  There's something we need to talk about.  Something I need to ask you...
You said it was urgent.
Please no apologies.  I've arranged for your things to be moved to one of my condos.  You'll have round-the clock care.
I'm sorry I didn't get a chance to --
I told you I'm fine.  It's <u>you</u> I'm worried about.
Victor your scar --
Just <u>find</u> him.
Victor I'm sorry I --
Victor are you feeling alright?
What's going on?
You can't leave them out there.
Raising the shields.
What are you doing?
Sue I've lived my life unafraid of taking big steps.  And this is the biggest step yet.  If it helps think of this as a <u>promotion</u>.  A merger of sorts...  Four little words that can change our lives...
Uh Victor I hope I haven't done something to make you think...
Right of course the company... But you see I've come to realize all the accomplishments in the world mean nothing without someone to share them with --
It's been a good two years Victor... The company's accomplished so much.
Well when you're looking at your future it never hurts to find closure about the past.
I understand the <i>business</i> reasons.
Surprised I agreed to Reed's proposal?
I think you both know my Director of Genetic Research Susan Storm.
It's just business.
Skeptical...?
For your sake I hope you're right. I'm sorry if that sounds a little skeptical.
Reed's gonna fix me up --
I'm just saying I know what it's like to lose something you love.  To see it slip away and know it's never coming back.
If you're trying to cheer me up you're doing a helluva job --
I know it can't be easy.  Life hasn't changed that much for Reed Sue and Johnny.  At least they can go out in public.  But for you?  People staring. Whispering behind your back...
Well how about hypnosis? That can't hurt him!
I'd hold that off awhile.
Now how soon can we try Sodium Pentathol?
Along the Optic Nerve to the Eye.
If I were in their place and I'd run out of time I'd abandon the ship before I grew to dangerous size... and use the few extra minutes to get out the quickest way possible on my own...
What're you getting at?
That blip we're picking up might only be the radio-active particle. The Proteus may already be destroyed...
What is it?
It means killing Benes...  And for all we know they may have completed the operation!  Damn it to hell!
Time's up... We'll have to take them out immediately.
I can't help it. I'm just weak I guess.
I told you to cut down on the sugar.
Let's find what the devil's holding them up!  Contact the Proteus!
It'll be close -- but there's still a margin of safety.
Another delay... With only forty-two minutes left.
They'll make up some time once they get through that and reach the Pleural Cavity.  Respiration Post...
They're in the Pulmonary Artery.
Message to Proteus.
<Cardiac Red Alert> we're stopping the Heart.
Nothing -- compared to starting it up again.
What are the problems in stopping the Heart?
That would give us only three seconds to revive him...
At topspeed...and adjusting distance for Degree of Miniaturization --  The sub should get through the Heart in fifty-seven seconds.
In his comatose state...and everything slowed down...no more than sixty seconds.
I know that. But what's the maximum?
The less time the better.
Doctor...without killing him -- how long could we stop his heart?
Not until the very last second. We must think of something... Something to save the situation.
But it's hopeless! They can't go back and they can't go on. I tell you there's nothing else we can do but remove them!
We still have fifty-one minutes. Leave them in.
But we have no choice! We've got to take them out!
Normally not. Unless it's an Arterio-Venous Fistula --
That can't be -- there's no direct connection between the two --
They've crossed over into the Jugular Vein!
Okay to proceed.
Medical's ready.
Where do we stand?
We understand your concern but we've made our decision Doctor. Any questions? Anybody?
Benes' natural defenses. White Corpuscles -- Antibodies. Once you begin to grow -- and become a menace to the body -- you'll trigger them off... MICHAELS With all the unknown factors in the body I still say risking five lives for one is something we should reconsider --
Here's the overall Target Area...
Grant's uniquely qualified for this mission. He's a Communications Expert and was a Frogman during the War. Besides he brought Benes into this country and the fewer people who know about him the better. At any rate you'll find Grant invaluable should anything go wrong once you're under way.  Okay Don.
Why don't you go on. We'll meet you at the Clearance Desk in a few minutes.
Yes we'd like to get moving.
He's blanked out on that one particular point.
Can't remember?... What do you mean?
Oh yes great. The only problem is he can't remember what he came to tell us.
Where can I get a cab back to town?
Just one General...
Attack? Who -- or should I say what from?
There'll be a team of Surgeons standing by. We're prepared to remove you immediately should anything go wrong. In any event you must be out within sixty minutes. After that you'll be in danger of attack.
Oh yes I've heard of you Doctor.
This is Dr. Duval our Head Surgeon.
Not even for a minute! General Carter sir I'd like you to reconsider your choice. I'm just not the right man for a mission of this kind.
It's only for an hour --
But I don't want to be Miniaturized -- !
Grant our Miniaturizer can shrink anything.
Wait a minute! They can't shrink <me>!
As part of the Crew.
You mean <I'm> going along?
Well the only way to reach that clot is from inside the Brain. So we've decided to put a Surgical Team and a Crew into a submarine -- reduce it way down in size and inject it into an Artery --
Trip? Where to?
And take a little trip with them...
They're bound to try again. No wonder they want me to stand by during the operation.
That's right. He wanted us to have the secret and not them. Which is why they tried to kill him.
I assume Benes knows how to control it.
They have...  But we've both got the same problem -- lack or control. We can only keep things Miniaturized for exactly sixty minutes. Arter that everything starts growing back to its original size.
If the Other Side ever gets hold of a thing like that...
We can shrink an Army -- with all its equipment -- and put it in a bottle cap. That's why we call it <Combined Miniature Deterrent Forces>.
General I've heard some wild ones. But this takes it.
Say that again?
<Combined Miniature Deterrent Forces>.
I don't mean to be inquisitive. But this <CMDF> -- for all I know it could stand for <Consolidated Mobilization of Female Delinquents>?
No question of her loyalty.
His technician okay? In addition to the Looks Department?
Come along they'll be operating shortly.  See you later Mike.
I wouldn't know if he's trying to save him or kill him.
We have no choice. Duval's the most skillful brain surgeon in the country and he's right here at hand.
But why take the chance when there must be other doctors?
Tell him where he fits in will you? I've got a few things to check out.
Wish I knew why.
What can I do? Except maybe pass out?
Cora Peterson his Technical Assistant. You'll join Duval and the others --
Sorry but I'm rusty on surgeons. Who's the girl?
Duval. Dr. Peter Duval. Top brain man in the country. Ever hear of him?
Here's the Surgeon.
I can't even put a Band-Aid on my finger.
-- and why we need you.
Before he could breathe a word. He's the only scientist who knows the answer to what we're after. That's why we have to operate --
Before or after what he wanted to tell you?
Brain injury.
How bad off is he?
The Other Side got to him.
Benes... What the devil happened?
The Pentagon wasn't it General? Only you weren't in that uniform...
Hello Grant. Good to see you again.
And no matter what happens you're to take orders <only> from Dr. Michaels understand?
I'll be standing by. <I'll> know.
That's no reason to suspect him of disloyalty.
Difficult? He's impossible!
I don't agree. Just because he's often difficult --
[LINE OF DIALOGUE CUT OFF]
Glad to have you with us Mr. Grant.
Meet Grant. This is Dr. Michaels Chief of the Medical Section.
Yes there's no time to spare. And those fibers can be quite tenacious.
Wouldn't it be quicker if we all helped?
No danger of attack as long as you don't trigger them off by any injury to the System.
You're going out there? With those Antibodies --
With no laser --
That's beside the point now.  I don't see the sense of going on.
We'll know -- in the next breath...
But we just can't leave him in there! What'll happen to him?
It must have been jarred loose during the whirlpool.
I can't imagine how it possibly could have come loose. I distinctly recall fastening it with all four bolts --
Yes...slowed down agreat deal.
Listen...the Heart.
He certainly is. He should be up and about in no time.
He's making a fine recovery.
I don't know yet Doctor. And I won't know until I test it.
Cora is something wrong with the laser?
No danger of an embolism. At our reduced scale they're much too minute to prove fatal to Benes.
Air bubbles!... Doctor --
Dr. Michaels is right. We have no choice.
Doctor...you can't mean that! Not when we've come this far. And if we give up there'll be no way of saving Mr. Benes --
But big enough for us...
Yes a fistula too small to show up on the X-rays.
They're much smaller than bacteria...
Never saw <that>. Not even under an electron-mrcroscope.
Thank you for volunteering.
I just wanted to thank you for taking me along.
What is it?  Anything wrong?
I -- I want to say...
Look! They follow the direction of her glance are startled to see:
We better get back to the sub. Every second counts now.
Well if you happen to be very fond of him -- even in love with him -- it would certainly affect your point of view.
What do you mean?
Depends on which end of the telescope you look through.
Oh no. Plenty of cause. He won't follow the herd or change his convictions -- even when they're not popular. And he believes in an absolutely free interchange of information between scientists of different countries -- and these days there's nothing more suspicious than that.
Under a cloud without cause I take it.
You're not the first but he's much too innocent much too involved with his work to realize what's going on around him.
As obvious as that? Our Security people will jump for joy.  I suppose Duval's onto me too?
That's why you're really here. I knew it from the start.
What gives you that idea?
Keeping an eye on Dr. Duval...
A great deal more than that I believe...
That's what they pay me for.
Thank you for saving my life.
I feel much better now...
No need to get up --
I can't till the hatch is flooded!
Open it! Open it before they get here!
I've got a source. All I have to do is tap it.
Oh yes I'm sure Dr. Duval could. If we had the parts.
A surgeon might...
No it requires such absolute precision --
If you had a transistor about this size and power output and a thin enough wire --  -- could you piece it together?
Not anything built into the chassis.  If it hadn't come loose --
You must carry spare parts --
You can't --it's too dangerous --
I'll try to hold it from the other side of the wall while you push from out here. Maybe that'll do it.
Not now. We need air not greetings!
Shouldn't you answer that?
I have no idea.
Then how come it worked loose?
But I did. I'm positive!
Looks like you didn't batten it down too well.
Doctor -- is it possible? That we're seeing it happen before our eyes?
Look at that...they're changing color...
And if it should take more time to get through --
-- at which point the Heart will be stopped by electric shock.
I always thought it was nothing but red.
I never...never imagined it could be anything...like this.
Not working for someone like Dr. Duval --
A long time with one man.
I've been with him since I got out of school. He brought me into the CMDF over five years ago.
I understand you've been Dr. Duval's Assistant for quite some time... He must've snatched you out of the cradle.
Not in the hands of a great surgeon like Dr. Duval. The beam of this laser can be regulated to one millionth of a millimeter.
That could be quite a lethal weapon... It could kill not cure.
Now I know...
That'll teach you where to keep your hand.
You may learn to like it.
That's the trouble. I am. Being shrunk...
I think it's the most exciting --  We're going to see things no one ever saw before. The actual physical process of Life itself -- not something under a microscope... Just think of it --
Well it's not exactly a pleasure cruise.
You sound as if you're not looking forward to it.
I'll take some Laughing Gas ma'am.
We're pushing oxygen today.
Bet you're pretty handy around the house... Can you cook?
I'm going to do what I can to save Benes.
Dr. Duval you are not going through with this! I absolutely forbid it! I'm responsible for the lives of everyone here! I will not allow you or anyone else to leave this ship!
We have no alternative. With only six minutes left we'll just barely make it.
Removal Point? What're you talking about!
The Breath of God...
What's that?
You left something out.
--and certain chemicals involving proteins --
Take a close look at your Soul and your Infinity and your God out there --
The Soul? The finite mind cannot comprehend Infinity. And the Soul which comes from God is Infinite.
I know only too well what's in the balance Doctor. And it's not my ego damned or otherwise.
As usual you want everything your way. Except this time there's more than your damned ego at stake.
I'll do nothing of the sort! The operation is <my> responsibility! I won't do it and that's final!
Dr. Duvall I insist you test the laser.
If it won't work it's beyond my power to fix it. But if it does there's no telling how long it will hold up. It's a jury rig at best and we'll need every second of use we can get out of it. That's why I don't want to put any extra strain on the connections by running unnecessary tests.
All I'm asking is you test it beforehand!
I've done all I could with the laser.
Better Judgment?! To wait until the actual operation -- when it may be too late?
It's against my better Judgment...
If we can go in past the Oculomotor Nerve...
That puts us right here... Which means we can head straight for the Sub Arachnoid Cavity.
Nothing -- against all that force.
What can we do?
You can't believe all that's accidental? That there isn't a Creative Intelligence at work --
Nothing miraculous about it. Just an interchange of gases. The end product of five hundred million years of Evolution.
Captain -- head in the d1rection of the flow and drift with it.
We can't take a second more.
Not in a sealed vessel like an Artery.  Captain -- something must be wrong with your controls!
But that isn't possible.
That's not the purpose of this mission.  Captain -- keep a straight course -- until you're in the clear.
I don't agree. I think we ought to stop and take a sample.
Looks like the molecular structure of proteins.
It's too late now. We must go on.
I can't breathe!... I've got to get out!
Doctor what's wrong?
It's too late!
What about Dr. Michaels?
You said there was a quick way out!
We could follow the Optic Nerve to the corner of the Eye.
The ship's good as finished. We'll have to get out on our own! Is there a quick way out?
It I can clear this Central Nerve that <may> be enough...
Doctor we've just about had it.
If I can relieve the pressure on a few key vessels...
How does it look Doctor?
Then why not take it?
Yes...  We can transfer over to the Inner Ear and go by way of the Endolymphatic Duct.
Isn't there another route? So we can by-pass all this?
We'll never get there in time at this rate.
No there's no other way.
Isn't there another surgical procedure you can try?
Maybe we can...  Skipper is there a snorkel on this sub?
Just a few cells away from a vast air chamber -- one of the countless Alvioli of the Lung -- and we can't get enough to fill a microscopic tank.
Oxygenation...
Don't tell me they're refueling...
A simple exchange Mr. Grant. Corpuscles releasing carbon dioxide -- the moment they touch the Wall of the Lung -- in return for oxygen coming through from the other side.
Mind letting me in on what's going on out there?
They all lead to the same place -- the Lungs.
I'd hate to get lost on that Freeway...
Quite a piece of plumbing.
Only to the naked eye.  Those corpuscles -- carrying oxygen -- give the stream its color. But the rest of the plasma's very much like sea water. An ocean of life...
Everything can be divided in half no matter how minute.
You mean Inner Space is endless?
The Medieval Philosophers were right... <Man> is the center of the Universe... We stand in the middle of Infinity between Outer and Inner Space. And there's no limit to either.
Why not? Because of his gibberish about GOd and the Soul? Camouflage -- that's all it is -- to blind the gullible like you! And to hide his real identity -- a fanatic whose only purpose is to kill Benes! And you made it possible!
I don't believe that.
Nothing has changed as far as <my> authority goes! He is <not> going to operate! Not in the little time we have left! There's no chance of success! It's sheer suicide for all of us!
Sorry but the situation has changed.
I'm in charge of this mission! You were instructed to take orders from me not give them!
How long will it take to get from here to the Removal Point?
Once time's up De-Miniaturization begins. In a matter of seconds the ship will grow big enough to become a danger to the System. Then White Corpuscles will swarm to destroy it as they would any invader.
Hold it Skipper.  What happens if we overstay?
No we should reach the base of the Brain shortly. And from there it's not far to the site of the injury.
Looks like quite a way to go...
Let's hope they realize the danger.  Captain I'll give you a new compass heading.
They're tracking us Topside. Once they see where we're going I'm sure they'll take every precaution.
Just what it is. Antibodies destroying Bacteria -- or any other foreign invader that threatens the System.
Looks like somebody declared war.
Reticular fibers. We ought to be clear of them soon.
Skipper you're picking up seaweed -- or whatever it is.
The Lymphatic System drains off excess fluid from the Tissues. Without it we'd all swell up like balloons. He reaches the console begins to take out a new chart.
I always had an idea there was only one System. The Circulatory.
We're entering the Lymphatic System. Those are nuclei of cells lining a Duct.
It's possible --
Two in a row?
I can't believe it. Whatever happened was an accident.
You still never know what's going on in anyone's mind...
I -- I don't know what to say. I know he's under a cloud but there's not a more dedicated man in the entire medical profession.
That line was tampered with...
You have no right to blame Duval --
I saw the laser just before we started. It was fastened down securely. You don't suppose what happened was an 'accident?' Any more than my safety line snapping after it was tied off to the sub?
Sabotage? I don't understand...
Let's hope... So far somebody's tried to sabotage this mission twice.
His Pleura's in fine condition. It should be clear sailing through this area.
Cough? If he can kick up a storm by just <breathing> --
We're safe -- long as it remains that color...  We're in the Pleural Sac.  It keeps the Lungs from rubbing against the Wall of the Chest up there. When those membranes become inflamed we wind up with Pleurisy -- and a wracking cough.
Looks like the sea at dawn.
Send the following message...
Well sir? Which is it? The wireless or Benes' life?
They'll still be able to track us by radar because of the radioactive fuel.
But that'll knock out our communications! We'll be cutting ourselves off from the outside.
Just one little transistor and a circuit wire is all it takes.
Grant -- wait a minute -- you're not going to dismantle the wireless?
Walt for the lull -- between the time he inhales and exhales.
All right now -- push the snorkel through as soon as I get inside.
There's no other way. Tie my safety line to the sub.
Yes -- with all that pressure and suction within --
Well we better get on with it.
In a way -- yes. Those are impurities imbedded in the Lung after a lifetime of 'Civilization.' Carbon from smoke and smog -- specks of dust --
If those Corpuscles can take on air no reason why we can't.  All we have to do is hook up the snorkel to that air chamber you were talk1ng about and when Benes inhales there should be plenty of pressure to force the oxygen into the tank.  How's that sound to you Skipper?
At this size I would certainly think so.
Fasten yourselves in. There should be a tremendous surge when the Heart starts up again.
There it is!
It lays down quite a barrage in a lifetime. Forty million beats.
Sounds like heavy artillery...
Request removal Mr. Grant.
If there's any chance --
Tell them to take us out.
I'm afraid there's only one thing we can do. Call off the mission.
That's just dandy. We can't go forward -- and we can't go back.
Yes... We can go forward on this course but it means going directly through the Heart.
If we can't go back is there an alternate route?
A forced joining of an Artery and Vein. Must've happened when Benes was hurt.
Well it seems to me if you reduce a ship to microscopic size -- and the stream remains constant -- we'd take quite a beating.
About forty miles an hour.
How are you Miss Peterson?
Miss Peterson his Technical Assistant.
Surgical assassination?! But that means you suspect --
They know they failed to kill Benes. Security thinks they'll try again first chance they get. We're afraid of medical sabotage -- or surgical assassination.
At an operation?
We need you for Security purposes Mr. Grant.
And she said it was indelible...
I'm married.
What'd you do that for?
I can't tell you that either... Excuse me Mr. Grant but you've got a smudge on your cheek.
Where we going?
I can't tell you.
I thought I was on my vacation... What's it all about?
Sorry we had to get you up at this hour Mr. Grant.
Nothing wrong with us! Not a thing! We're fine -- just fine!
Oh -- sure sure! Never better!
We feel great don't we? Just <great>?!
Uh -- what?
Who me? Oh no! Don't bother about me! We're not hurt! Isn't that right Skipper?
We can get out through the Lab Section.
Come on -- it's no use!
Berserk nothing. He's the one who's been sabotaging the mission...  Get this on. Hurry!
Dr. Michaels... He went berserk...
What happened?
Remember -- we can't take more than five minutes to get out.
I've come up against fanatics before and Duval just doesn't fit the pattern.  I'm going out there Skipper. Maybe I can be of some help...
Enough to breathe but that's all.
Any reserve air?
Positions please. And strap yourselves in.
'Prepare for Miniaturization'...
Remind me to ask you about the love life of an octupus.
Designed for Piscatorial Research -- the Spawning Habits of Deep Sea Fish.
All in all quite a canoe...
It should work -- theoretically. If it doesn't the mission's off. The craft's nuclear-powered. Except for your wireless.
That's cutting it mighty close -- for a perfect fit.
They can't reduce nuclear fuel. But once the Reactor's Miniaturized -- along with the submarine -- a microscopic particle should emit enough energy to activate it.
If it's no military secret how can a sub run on a microscopic particle?
Nothing you could see with the naked eye. But there's a microscopic radio-active particle inside.
Atomic fuel?
That makes two of us.
Out of your element aren't you Captain?
I could use a lawnmower...
How's it look?
What I was afraid would happen. The stuff we passed through -- that looked like seaweed --
What's wrong Skipper?
Look at those Walls up ahead!
Thirty-two minutes left...  But chances are we won't have to wait that long for try-number three.
Could I run a tube through that Wall without harming Benes?
Yes there is.
We're losing pressure in the Flotation Tanks. Check the Manual right over there.
What is it Skipper?
Yes by all means. We must try it.
It's a dangerous procedure. If I miss the timing we could explode the tanks... But I'm willing to try it.
Not to the valve. But we've lost too much air to make it the rest of the way.
Was there any damage?
Well that takes care of the valve. It was probably caused by that electric shock.
I'll guide you once we're in the Heart.
I'll never find my way through that.
Looks simple to operate.
That's it...
On the Repeater.
Captain how will you be able to follow my charts --  --from up there?
The only danger of turbulence is in the Heart -- and we're not going through it.  Once in the Carotid Artery we'll remain in the Arterial System... until we reach the point of damage --  -- where Dr. Duval will attempt to dissolve the clot with a laser beam. After the operation we'll return by way of the Venous System --  -- until we reach the base of the neck --  -- where we'll be removed right here -- with a hypodermic.
Even so because of our size -- I mean lack of it -- we'll still be cruising mighty fast. We'll be smashed to bits if there's any turbulence --
Fluid is seeping through. Better come down and have a look!
What do you mean?
There seems to be something wrong with the Escape Hatch...
It's less than one ten-thousandth of an inch thick. And porous.
The Wall's transparent...
We're entering a Capillary. Remain in the middle.
Doctor -- the channel's getting awful narrow.
I'll do what I can.
Then don't drift down further.
We could never fight that current it's physically impossible.
Nicky Moore.  Patty Ryan.  Mary Finelli. These names mean anything to you asshole?  Julia Sullivan!  She mean anything?  She means something to me!
Oh my God!  What is that?!  Why you showing me this shit!?  JESUS!  JESUS! Get those away from me!
So what'd you do about it Daryl?
Let me tell you what I know Daryl.  You went to Saint Xavier with Mary.  You lived five blocks from her.  You liked her.  But she ain't interested.  That must've hurt huh?
What I know is what I told you.
Sexual assault Daryl.  Five years.  But you got lucky right?  You got away with something else.  Something you figured nobody knows about.
Well I think you do.
No I don't.
You know what I'm saying.
What are you saying?
You remember Mary Finelli?
You go to Xavier High School Daryl?
That was over thirty years ago.  I paid for that and then some.
I'll go find Hayes.
No I think he's up in interrogation.
Where's the collar in the cells?
Just missed Deleon.  Hayes is up in the squad.
They around?
That's Deleon and Hayes' collar.
I'm working with one of the victims outta Brooklyn North.  You mind I take a shot at him?
You got a collar in here for the Nightingale murders?
There's a manhole at Canal and Bowery.
How do we get to the vault door?
We tried.  Bulkhead door's rusted shut. Won't budge.
We gotta go underground.  Get those guys out now.
Wish I was.  Oldest part of the system down there.  We're on it but it's gonna take awhile.
You're shitting me!
Switches are shorted out.
Why haven't they killed the juice?
Elvis has left the building.
You okay man?
Then fuckin' find it.  I'm going for the girl.
Gotta be another way up Frank.
One way to find out.
Don't know what's behind it.
It looks open on the other side.
I'm alright Gibby.
Frank.  Hey man.  You alright?
I should'a been a fucking mailman.
Stay with me Gib.  We're gonna do this.
Frank.  We gotta go back.  Frank...
I seem nervous huh?
Hey Rookie.  Be cool.  Just stay with me.  This is what we do.
Oh yeah.  Damn.  My watch is busted.
The game Graham.  The Series?
Oh man.  Hope it ain't like this in Baltimore tomorrow.
I gotcha I gotcha Chief!
Then you gotta hide it somewhere. Somewhere where nobody's gonna find it...for 29 years!  Put it under the loose floorboard by the window!
Yeah but no kidding around he's a good guy a real good guy...
The future guy?
Jules I want you to say hello to somebody...  I'm on with John - that guy I told you about.
I'm serious.
I'll be upstairs...if you want to play.
No.  Not our Johnny.  I mean it's Johnny...but not now...in the future.
I know.  He loves that thing.
I've been talking to Johnny...on the radio.
Honey what is it?  Just tell me.
I've been talking to this...guy...this cop...on the HAM...and uh he...
There's something I gotta take care of. Something I need to tell you about.
Do you know how much I love you?
Wish you weren't.
He ain't the only one.
Boy is he excited about the game tomorrow.
I love you more.
I love you Bud.
Probably marry some rich doctor and never have to work...
One in each ear.  What would you do without me?
You give him his drops?
I tucked him in at Gordo's.
Where's Johnny?
Nothing.  I just wanted to see you.
Frank...what's wrong?
Frankie Johnny wants to say goodnight.
Nothing wrong with old age Frank...long as you get there.
It was under control Bud.  Butchy's just getting tight in his old age.
Butch called.
How was your tour?
I'd go with you and Chinese take-out over her any time.
You didn't marry Donna Reed.
What's the matter Jules?  Trouble workin' an eight hour shift watching the kid and whipping up a little bolognese?
I think I ruined the sauce...again.
You alright?
Well why not a little of the King?
How about a little of the King?
Get him home safe.
Next time lets put some money on it.
You missed a hell of a game Frank.
No kidding.  I'm on the corner of 65th and CPW.  Come get me.
Frank.  We know.  We know it's Shepard.
Satch you gotta listen to me...
Go watch the game?  Go watch the fucking game?  Frank they're gonna make you for Sissy Clark's murderer.  It matches the Nightingale's profile.  You understand what that means?
In the bottom of the 7th Weis is gonna hit a solo home run.  Jones and Swoboda are gonna score in the 8th.  The Mets are gonna win 5-3.  Go watch the game Satch.
Frank this is insane...
The next batter Clendenon hits one outta the park.
Frank please...
What if I told you that in the bottom of the 6th we're gonna be down 3-0.  And Cleon Jones is gonna get hit in the foot. It's gonna leave a scuff mark on the ball.
How's that?
What if I could prove it to you Satch?
Are you listening to me?  You're in a world of shit.  An eye witness has you outside the dead girl's apartment.  We got your prints all over the place.  Plus the fucking driver's license Frank.  You gotta give me something here. Something I can believe.
He's not gonna stop Satch.  He's gonna keep on...
Frank this is not the time to be worried about covering up if you had a thing with this girl.
Satch would you listen to me here.  Just you and me.  Can I talk to you here alone?
As nuts as that sounds yes.
Uh huh...  Uh huh.  And you got this from the guy you were talking to on the radio when I came in?
I swear Satch.
You can talk to Julia.  Forget the radio.
Okay okay.  I need to go say something to Julia and finish up with the guy on the radio.
I wanna be wrong here.  But we need to go to the precinct and talk about it.
No.  This isn't what you think.
415 Greenwich St.  #302.  Under the body of a murdered woman.
Do you know where I found this?
What do you mean?
Let's go.  Do us both a favor.
About what?
Let's go outside and talk.  We need to do that.
No I don't.
I think you know Frank.
What is going on here Satch?  What are those guys doing out there?
I'm sorry Frank but you need to come outside.
Satch you gotta just give me...Satch is here John.  You hear me?  Satch is here.
John hold on a second.  I'm in the middle of something important here.  You mind if...
Frank we need to talk...
Hello Frank.
Okay I'm on it.  Hey.
Luck my ass.
Lucky throw fire boy.
I'm doing it!  I'm doing it!
Yes!  That's it!  You got it you got it! Way to go Chief!
I'm right here behind you...
No but we can.  We can do it together. Spirit and guts Chief.
Daddy Daddy I can't.
Don't be scared.  This time I'm right behind you if you fall.
I'm scared.
I'll be up soon Little Chief.
Daddy come up and sing the baseball.
C'mon Chief show some guts.
Daddy I'm scared.
Don't think about falling just keep pedaling.
Daddy put the wheels back on.  I'm gonna fall.
Okay start pedaling.
Glad to hear that.
I know.  Sorry Dad.
Looks like two weeks worth of allowance Chief.
I don't remember.  Why don't I remember?
What's wrong?
Wait.  Something's wrong.  I don't...
We did it John.  We stopped him.
I'm here Dad.  I'm here.
Satch is busting me for Sissy Clark's murder.  John...
Yeah Dad.  What the hell is going on?
John you there?
Just a minute John...okay?  Don't go away.
Dad what the hell is going on?
Dad you there?
What are you doing here Satch?  You off today?
Call the FBI.  Use a pay phone.  Don't give 'em your name Dad.  Just tell 'em that it was Shepard who killed Finelli and Clark and the others.  That he's the Nightingale.
You're telling me this maniac is a cop? What the hell am I supposed to do with that one?
It's gonna work Dad.  We're gonna stop him.
Right now I need you to tape it up on the outside where he touched it so the prints keep.
Okay okay...
Please Dad just do it.
Listen to me very carefully take your wallet out just touch it on the corners.
How the hell am I gonna do that?
His prints.  You've got his prints.  I'll run them through criminal index.  You gotta get me that wallet.
We got him!  Dad you got him!
In my pocket.
He touched your wallet!  Where's your wallet?
No he tossed the wallet but he kept the license.
He took your wallet?
He took my driver's license John he knows where we live.
John he's got my driver's license.
I need you to believe in me.  To believe that we can do this.
Johnny I know but...
But we can we can do it together. Spirit and guts remember?
I don't think I can.  I'm not a cop.  I can't.   I can't stop this guy.
I know...  But Dad you can't go back.  You didn't die in that fire.  And no matter what you do nothing is gonna change that.  So all we can do is deal with this...and try to make it right.
This is wrong...it's like we cheated...
Yes it is...we did this.  We changed everything.  I've been having bad dreams Johnny. Dreams where I die...in the fire.  I was supposed to die in that warehouse.
It's not your fault Dad.
He killed her John.  He killed her and I didn't do a thing to stop it.
Don't worry Chief.  I'm not gonna let anything happen to her...no matter what.
Yeah I think so...
You all right?
I'm right here Dad.
John you still there?
John say hello to my wife...Julia.
Hang on a sec John.
Well game five was the big one.  It turned in the bottom of the 6th.  We were down 3-0.  Cleon Jones gets hit on the foot - left a scuff mark on the ball. Clendenon comes up.  The count goes to 2 2.  High fastball.  He nailed it.  Weis slammed a solo shot in the 7th to tie. Jones and Swoboda scored in the 8th.  We won Pop.
Yeah you betcha.
You really wanna know?
Hey what about the Amazin's?  They pull it off?
We're okay...we're good Dad.
What are we like in...1998?
Didn't happen we got enough problems down here.
What else John.  It must be different huh?  Are people living on the moon?
Well they found out cigarettes give you lung cancer.
Tell me something good Chief.  Tell me about the future.
All right I'm with you.  I just hope we know what the hell we're doing.
Coupla days ago they dug up a body in Washington Heights - Mary Finelli.  Girl disappeared in '68.  Turns out she was his first kill.  Which means he probably knew her.  Most serials know their first victim.  I'm gonna do some checking - see if I can put any of this together...
Dad I think I may be able to get you enough information to make sure the DA can nail this bastard.
Sissy Clark 190 Riverside Dr. apartment 3C.  Tomorrow.  She's a nursing student.  Paying her way as a cocktail waitress at the Peppermint Lounge on west 63rd.  Left work at two A M...killed in her apartment between two thirty and five.
Whatta we do now?
It's okay.  This is working.  This is gonna work.
No.  I just kept talking to her.  There was a lot of guys in that bar - could'a been any of 'em.
Did you see him?  Do you know who he is?
I'll be damned.
Tell 'em there's a homicide in progress... cause by the time they show up there will be.
What do I tell them?
They'll question her.  Whatever they tell her could change what happens.  No I want you to follow her.  See if anybody's watching her hittin' on her. I'm betting somebody's gonna walk outta that bar with her.  When they do you call the cops.
Why not just get the cops to watch the bar?
Then you get Mom the hell out.  But Dad those other women weren't supposed to die.  We don't try to stop this guy we're gonna live with that for the rest of our lives.
What if the radio stops working?  Christ what if I can't reach you again?
You ever talk to a victim's family?  The one's left behind?  They don't act like what you'd think.  There's panic and fear.  But mostly it's like there's this logic problem.  And if they could only solve it everything would be okay.  But if you look real close - look at their eyes - you can see it.  Just a glimmer.  But somewhere they know.  They know their world is never gonna be the same.
I do know.  I'm a cop.  This is what I do.
I don't know John.  I'm a fire fighter. This is...this is different.
They will if they catch him in the act. You can make that happen Dad.  You can tail the victim and call it in at just the right moment.
So what should I do?  Call the police? You think they'll believe me?
No.  Nobody got...  Wait a minute.  I might not know who he is but I know where he's gonna be.  I got the case file.  We know what he's gonna do before he does it.
What can we do?  You don't even know who this guy is.
That'll never work.  They'll just think you're crazy.
I'll warn them.
I don't know...  What about the other women?
I gotta take her away John.  I'm gonna take your mother away.  He can't hurt her if I take her away.
Something we did changed the case...changed history.  Mom wasn't dead.  But then after you didn't die in the fire something must have happened.  And this guy this Nightingale guy he kept on killing...it was like a spree...seven more women.
What are you talking about?
He didn't just kill three women anymore. He killed ten.
Whatta you mean...
Dad we did something.  Something to make it worse.
What kinda twisted animal.
There was this case.  A serial.  He murdered three women all nurses between '68 and '69.  The papers called them the Nightingale Murders.  They never caught him.  But the killings just stopped.
Murdered?  Why?
Jesus Christ...that's...ten days from now.  How?
October 22 1969.
No Dad it happened a long time ago a long time ago for me.
She just died your mother just died?
She...she died.  It's like it just happened.
Whatta you mean she's not here?
She's not here.
What?  What is it?
What?  Johnny what's wrong?
Something happened something...
Dad...Dad... There's... I need to...
Right here Chief.  Sorry I lost you last night.  Damn thing keeps cutting out.
What it was like when you died in the fire...
What Johnny?  What is it?
Dad I gotta tell you this...cause you should know.  Cause I still remember.
It's hard to explain.  Something happened today.  It was like a dream.  And when I woke up I had all these new memories. Good times.  Times we never had before.
We're doing all right Dad.  We're doing good.
Yeah.  I'm okay.  What about you?  I want to know.  About you.  And your mom.
Dad you there?  You okay?
You're the voice of an angel Johnny.  If you hadn't told me no way I would'a ever made it.
Yeah it's me.
Chief?!  Is that you?
I don't understand.
Don't go.  Don't go in that warehouse...
Tomorrow.  Jesus...it hasn't happened. It doesn't have to happen.
But that's tomorrow.
October 12 1969.
It did Pop.  It did.
That can't be...that's not gonna happen.
It was an abandoned warehouse - hit by lightening.  Butch told Ma it was just one wrong turn. Said it wasn't your fault.  You went with the training with your instincts.  If you'd just gone left instead of right you would've made it.
On the job?
I never knew you Dad.
I lost you.
What are you talking about?
But you're not...you're not still here.
It's okay.  I'm still here Chief.
No wait don't go!
I think I'm losing you.
What's that?
I'm trying to be Dad.  I'm tyrin'.  It's good to hear your voice.  I missed you...so much.
You're still my Little Chief right?
Nah I gave it up.
Too busy playin' ball huh?
No not yet.
Yeah...I think so.
It's really you isn't it?
1998...?  This is wrong.  Who are you? Why are you doing this?
Thirty-five?  That would make it...
I'm thirty-five years old.
You sound...ground up...?
Wait a sec...there was something on the news.  Something about this space anomaly.  I think they said it was connected to some storm in '69.
Yeah that's how Hams work.
We gotta be bouncing off the mother sun spot of all time.
I don't know.
How could this be happening?
What if it's not...
That's impossible.
What's happening?
You just burned the desk.
Nothing...I just spilled something.
What's going on?
I'm not dreaming.
I'm dreaming this.  Shit this is a dream.
What the hell...
My dad's name was Frank Patrick Sullivan he was a fire fighter and a die-hard Mets fan.  And every night when I went to bed he sang to me...  Take me out to the ball game take me out with the crowd...
29 years...?
29-years ago.
Now you listen to me.  My name is John Francis Sullivan I live at 1060 41st where I've lived my whole life.  And I saw the first game of the '69 Series at my Uncle Butch's house with my father...
W...B...2...YXB.
What'd you say your station...uh your call letters were?
What the hell does Gordy have to do with it?
Gordo if this is you so help me...
Right...and I'm asking how you called the game.
You're telling me your name is Frank Sullivan you live in Queens and you just saw the first game of the '69 Series...live?
Look pal I'm just askin' how you...
Is this some kind of joke?  Gordo is that you?  Are you fucking with me?
Frank...Frank Sullivan.
What'd you say your name was?
You call your son Little Chief?
Oh that was my kid.
What'd you just say?
Sorry 'bout that.
This afternoon?
What are you talking about?  I'm talking about this afternoon.
Wasn't too tough buddy.  Game happened almost thirty years ago.
The World Series.  You called Buford's homer.
I been Q-ing you all night.  How the hell did you do it?
...WB2YXB calling unidentified station Queens.  CQ 15.
Yeah.  It was all over after Buford nailed Seaver's first pitch outta the park.
I'm right with you man.  He's got the heart of a lion.  Hey how 'bout the first game of the Series?
Fed up?  Lemme tell you something in a 1000 years when school kids study America they're gonna learn about three things: the Constitution Rock 'n' Roll and Baseball.
I got fed up with all the bullshit.
I don't really follow baseball anymore.
Sorry 'bout that.  So Queens you psyched for the Series?
I can't believe people are still using these things.
15-band closes down at night.  During the day you can chew the band with China if you want.
I thought these things were for talkin' around the world.
Whatta ya know.  Bayside born and raised.
Queens New York.
Where are you transmitting from?
Pal my whole life's an emergency.
Listen you can't broadcast without a license.  Unless this is an emergency you gotta get off the band.
Look I don't really remember how this thing works.
Are you licensed to broadcast buddy?
Name's John.
WB2YKXB who've I got?
You got a deal mister.  I mean Santa.
Oh don't worry kid I know where you live.  Now I want you to go upstairs and write this down buy Yahoo. You got that Space Cowboy.  Y-a-h-o-o. It's a magic word and I never want you to forget it.
I better give you my address then.
How'd you know my name mister?
This is the Space Cowboy.  I'm an intergalactic traveler from the Federation planet earth.
The Ham radio.  That's how come he didn't die in the fire.
Yeah lung cancer.  Ten years ago.
Cancer.  It was the cigarettes.  Right? The cigarettes?
Fire?  What are you talking about?  He had cancer John.
My father didn't die in a fire?
My father didn't die in a fire?
Longbranch...?
John.  John you all right?
How you feeling?
I know pal.  I remember.  Twenty-nine years tomorrow.
The warehouse.  Buxton seeds.  It's tomorrow.
Go in where?
No.  I gotta tell him the address so he doesn't go in.
C'mon man.  Get inside.  I'll come over. We'll play some Nintendo.
I talked to him Gordo.  I talked to my Dad.
Sull!  What the hell!
I think it's somewhere in the closet... if you can find it.
Hey OK if Gordy uses your old gear?
What the hell is that smell?
Hey Sull.  My cable's out again.
Sully!  Is that you?
I'm not your uncle kid.  Gordo what are you doing here?
Just cause he didn't want to look at the photos doesn't mean he isn't the doer. Not everyone fits the profile.
He ain't our guy John.
Yeah.  Sure.
Got a minute?
I'm just trying to figure what interests me more: the possibility that Daryl is the guy or you making him absolutely the guy.
Not the first time that's been true.  I'm telling you I got a feeling about this guy.  This is the guy Satch.
So you figure the murders stop 'cause he's off the street.  Then by the time he gets paroled he's smartened up enough to control himself?
I ran him through BCI...got a hit. Busted for sexual assault: March 22 1970.  Eight days after the last Nightingale murder.
Mind if I shake it off first...so's I can concentrate better.
Okay lemme walk you through it.
This case just got hot.  We pull on this string...
Which means he probably knew her.
April 16...?  That means she was the first.
Our lucky break.  Mario ID'd the dental. Mary Finelli...reported missing April 16 1968.
That wasn't luck Johnny boy.  That was smarts and ten plus on the job.
That's what we need here Satch.  A lucky break.
What're you talking'?  You know better than anybody John.  You've read this file a thousand times.
Ten?  No.  I remember this case.  Three. He killed three women.
She makes ten.
And I'm tired of the I'm sorrys.  I don't need 'em.  What I need is a partner I can count on.  I care about you.  Not cause of me and your old man.  Not cause of your mom. But because of you.
I'm sorry.  I just...you know...I...
This is getting real old John.  And I'm tired up to here with it...
Yeah.  That's it.
Another rough night huh?  That it?
Gordo I wasn't dreaming.  I talked to him it was real.
Maybe you outta lay off a little...
Whoa I just...I just...
You're not looking too good.
Nothing you're willing to do.
She made up her mind.  Nothin' I do is gonna change it.
Don't choke on your pride Sull.  You ain't ever gonna catch another one like that.
I'm sorry.  I didn't realize...  But she knew John.  A mother knows what's in her son's heart.
Yeah.  I just wish I'd told her how proud I was of her.
Then I'll bet she's real proud of you huh?
I try to be.
Are you a good cop John?
She's pretty special.
You're mom sounds like she's got some smarts.
Yeah...I remember.  I used to play cops and robbers but y-- ...my mom wouldn't let me have a toy gun.
My six year-old here keeps telling me he wants to be a policeman.  Right after he retires from the majors.  We just gave him a badge and a whistle for his birthday.
Yeah that's right.
Hey future boy.  Frank tells me you're a cop?
Look who's talking.
You work too hard John.
I know.  I'm sorry.  Work.
Oh I loved it.  I wish you'd gone.
So how'd you like LION KING?
No kidd'n he musta been pushing 90!
Fine.  You know Dr. Schwartz retired last month?
So how are things at the hospital?
I'm sure everything'll work out.  She really loves you...
Yeah those grad school applications are driving her crazy.
I'm sorry Sam couldn't make it.
Sounds good.
I thought it'd be nicer to eat here.
Hey Ma it's me.  Checking in.  Probably at work.  Anyways I'll see you tomorrow night.  Love you.
Hi this is Julia.  Please leave a message after the tone.
It's a small world Carl.  And I'm gonna find you.  Real soon.
Fuck you asshole.
You have the right to speak to an att --
Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law.
Who the fuck is this?
You have the right to remain silent.  If you give up that right...
I'm the train wreck you didn't see coming.  And I'm gonna steal your life away.  You went down 30 years ago.  You just don't know it yet.
Who are you?
Talk about dumb luck.  Odds of anybody finding that girl thirty years later. And then the chances of hitting a dental...forget about it.  Bets part is she's the first victim.  She knew the doer.  I'm betting those bones are gonna do a lot of talking.
No.  Missing teenager.  Disappeared thirty years ago.  Found her bones last week.  Buried behind some old diner up by Dyckman street.  Mary Finelli.
No kiddin'?
As a matter of fact I caught a case that goes back to your day...one of the Nightingale murders.
I hear that.
Nah just working the job.
A hot shot huh?
The 2-3.  Homicide.
No.  What house you work?
I look familiar?
Yeah long time ago.  I know you?
You used to be on the job?
Oh.  Sorry.  How so?
No.  No.  Well sort of.  In my heart. Been dead 29 years.
Wife around?
Glad you did.  Come on in.  Buy you a cup of coffee?
Too late for that.  We're closer to the other side.
Vincent where's the shore?  We're too far out. We have to go back!
Now is your chance to find out.
How are you doing this Vincent?  How have you done <i>any</i> of this?
I will prove it to you.  Come swim with me now Vincent.  Now--tonight.
Who are you trying to convince?
You didn't beat me that day.  I beat <i>myself</i>.
Well?  You have all the answers.  How is that possible?
God even <i>you</i> want to tell me what I <i>can't</i> do. In case you hadn't noticed Anton I don't need rescuing.  But <i>you</i> did once.
It's for the best.
Is that the only way you can succeed Anton to see me fail?
There are a few million miles to go yet.
Come with me now Vincent.  You've gone as far as you can go.
You almost sound like you believe that.
Don't worry.  You'll probably do just as well singing to him in the womb.  We can implant the most successful pre-embryo tomorrow afternoon.
I'm sorry there's no way we can.
It would be five thousand more.
How much extra?
I have to warn you Mr Luca he's going to be at least a head taller than you. Prepare for a crick in the neck in sixteen years time.
I like football.
Some believe it is associated with creativity although there's no evidence.  Also for sports like baseball it can be an advantage.
Is there any reason you'd want a left-handed child?
He's right Maria.  That's right.
You want to give your child the best possible start.  Believe me we have enough imperfection built-in already.  Your child doesn't need any additional burdens.  And keep in mind this child is still you simply the <i>best</i> of you. You could conceive naturally a thousand times and never get such a result.
We were wondering if we should leave some things to chance.
I'll take care of it.
By the way I left some trash in your locker.
And don't go getting everybody lost out there. You'll give us a bad name.  You won't have me to keep an eye on you you know.
I'll see what I can do.
I guess so.  Well while you're up there maybe you could tidy the place up a bit.
I guess I'm a slow learner.
No?  What's keeping you?
Not yet I'm afraid.
So you've finally seen sense and come back to your old job Vincent.
Where did you get this?
It's not <i>exactly</i> him.
Luca could still be an accomplice.
We found his spit in the dead director's eye. He's signed a confession--supplied us with the suit he wore on the night.  What more do you want?
So we have two choices.  Either our suspect came back to the murder scene for a drink of water and I don't know anybody that thirsty or...  ...he <i>is</i> here.  We test again.  You're right Hugo this was a desperate act.  Someone had a lot to lose that night--perhaps their place in line.  I'd like the profiles of everyone with an upcoming mission.
Positive saliva match.  The cup was definitely used since the original sweep.
We'll vacuum these streets if we have to.
Where do we start?
What are you waiting for?
I'll take it out of your damn <i>pension</i> if you question my authority one more time!
From what budget?
Get it.  From outside if you have to.
We don't have the manpower.
No we've missed something.  We Hoover again.
He's not here.  It's a blind alley.
Something's not right.
That's the last.
Blood.  From the vein.
You know their workforce.  Two-thirds at least fall into the category.  We'll be closing down their operation for days.  At least go with a fingertip sample or urine.
A man can change his face--but blood is forever. Sample every employee within the parameters I gave you.  Intravenous.
None of the ID photos match the enhancement.
Don't underestimate these imposters.
It is hard to believe he could be one of their elite workers.  You've seen their security system.  They know who works there.  Even if you ignore the man's expiration date his profile suggests that he doesn't have the mathematical propensity let alone the stamina to pass their physicals.
He was afraid of being exposed.  That's why he did it.
It's still possible the eyelash specimen came from a janitor delivery man--it could have blown in through an open window.
A customer?  Does this Michael's cater to misfits?
The skin flake was found in Michael's Restaurant. The employees are all accounted for.
This is a murder investigation.  The public should be happy to co-operate to get this disease off the streets.
We're already getting complaints about frivolous search.
I don't like anybody <i>this</i> unlucky.  Widen the sweep.  The West side.  Draw a five mile radius around Gattaca.  Hoover some of the classier establishments.  Random car stops.
With respect Sir many perfectly innocent citizens have left specimens at as many crime scenes.  Maybe he's just unlucky.
Since going underground traces of this In-Valid have shown up at the scene of four serious felonies.  Do you need any more than that?
Is there something more we should know about this suspect Sir?  I mean besides what's on his sheet.
This <i>is</i> the most likely location--
We're in the wrong place.  We're wasting time.
Detective Hugo it's a simple case of lost and found.  All we have to do is locate the man who's minus an eyelash and this murder will solve itself.
What a pity.
--I've already run it.  There's no record of any living relative.
I'll run a crossover on the eyelash for any family or associate connections--
Of course that doesn't jibe with what we found.  This was an angry killing.
No.  Not <i>likely</i>.
Even if this Vincent Luca <i>is</i> alive is it likely he could bludgeon a man to death?
So there's a 20 percent chance he's <i>not</i> dead.
According to this he's a sick man.  Congenital heart condition.  Who knows how long the specimen has been here but there's an 80 percent chance the owner of that eyelash has already died himself from natural causes.
--What <i>about</i> his profile?
With respect Sir--it may be the only unaccountable specimen but the profile suggests--
No <i>this</i> is your man.
I look around I see a lot of dry eyes. The Director was not...  ...universally loved.  He was leading the cut-backs in the program.  You're looking at a room full of motives.
Of course Sir.  We're checking the entry log alibis grudges...
A man's dead Detective.
I don't understand why you were dragged out here Sir.  It's hardly worth wasting your time--a no-nothing case like this.
I will not permit any further testing on the eve of a mission.  We're already counting backwards.
At least it's nothing contagious.
This time I will supervise each test personally.
Twelve have a mission within the week.
No but since there aren't too many <i>live</i> ones tonight either you won't mind us conducting one further sweep.  If he does not work here then there should be no other trace of him.  I think you'd better get some people out of bed Detective.  In the meantime we can re-check his favorite haunt.
Right now <i>your</i> presence is creating more of a threat.  I don't think you have any concept of what we do here--how meticulous our preparations must be.  We are about to send twelve people through 140 million miles of blackness to rendezvous with an object the size of a house and the color of coal.  So it's rather critical to point them in the right direction. And we certainly don't need you looking over our shoulders.  Besides I don't believe there is any evidence that the killer <i>is</i> amongst us.  I don't see too many other dead bodies littering the place.
You're so unconcerned that you have a killer in your midst.
One look through there and you would know why I can't possibly allow you to disrupt operations any further.
Thank you no.
Would you care to look--in the telescope?
This unaccountable specimen was found in the south wing corridor.
What a relief.
We believe we have a suspect.
We have to be certain.  Once they're up we can hardly turn the boat around.
Surely you know what you have.
How often do you test Director?
You have more in common than you know.
What's wrong with him?
Don't be deceived Irene.  These are just the clothes.  He has to wear them. Something I could never do.
He's probably leaving some more of me around the place before he goes.
I've been looking for him.  Do you know where he is?
That's where we get rid of the traces of him although we never truly succeeded.
It's about the Director.
Good to see you're feeling better.
Hello sweatheart.  Come on up.
At least you're honest.  Call me by my middle name--Eugene--If you're going to be Jerome you may as well start getting used to it.
I don't know exactly Jerome.
You're both going to a lot of trouble--  Maybe you can con somebody into believing you're me to get your foot in the door--but once you're inside you're on your own.  I'm sure you're sincere...  ...but I was being groomed for something like this myself.  Even without the accident I don't think I would have made it.  My point is--how the hell do <i>you</i> expect to pull this off?
Listen I don't want you to think I'm ungrateful --I know you and that little broker--what do you call him?
Suit yourself.
I think I'd better choose the menu.  After all you're learning how to be me I'm not learning how to be <i>you</i>.
What's wrong with it?
Yeah.  You want to go dancing tonight?
You okay Jerome?
He's too tall.
Okay how tall did you <i>used</i> to be?
I got the better end of the deal.  I just lent you my body--you lent me your dream.
I'm travelling too.
Where are you going?
In case you get back before I do.
Why have you done this?
No but you might need them when you get back.
Have you forgotten?  I don't need any samples where I'm going.
I have your samples ready.
I could always walk.  I've been faking it.
How the hell did you get here.
Not bad Jerome.
How are you Jerome?
I was never very good at it remember?
How would you like to be yourself for the day?
I guess I'd better have something important to say if it takes that long to get an answer.
We'll still be able to talk when I'm away. The conversation will just keep getting longer.
Don't worry about your little pin cushion. To be honest I'm looking forward to having the place to myself.
Will you be okay?
You may as well invite her here.
Everybody goes there.
Where are you taking her?
I'm sure you'll be very convincing.
She's already got her doubts.  I have to act like nothing's wrong.
I'm sorry.  I've got plans.
Where are we going?
She doesn't <i>have</i> to know.  She doesn't <i>want</i> to know.
Of course not.  But she's have to know eventually.
You're not thinking of telling her are you?
You know how it is with these altered births --somebody told her she's not going to live forever and she's been preparing to die ever since.
Complicated.  I couldn't stop her apologizing.
How was your evening?
If I were you I'd worry about myself.  Haven't you forgotten something?
Never stopped you before.  And for God's sake stop plucking your hair. Someone went to a lot of trouble to make sure you wouldn't go bald.
I don't feel too good.  I think I'm still drunk from last night.
Not thirsty?  We've got enough virgin samples to last us the week.
Good choice.
If you say so.  The stripe.
I've got enough on my mind without that.
Is that all?
You're the one who said not to change anything. She's my ear to the investigation.
So it's not just the Hoovers who've got you rattled.
I'm sure I could have.
You really had other offers?
I'm sorry.  I think I was crying.
And keep your lashes on your lids where they belong.  How could you be so careless?
How could they recognize you?  <i>I</i> don't recognize you.  Anyway you don't have a choice.  You run you may as well sign a confession turn us both in right now.  No we stick this out-- find out what we can but change nothing.  This is a minor inconvenience is all it is.  We've taken worse heat than this.  Jesus if I'd known you were going to go belly up on me at the last fucking gasp I wouldn't have bothered.  You can't quit on me now.  I've put too much into this.  Besides this stuff is <i>mine</i>.  I had other offers you know.  I could have rented myself out to somebody with a spine.  You want me to wheel in there and finish the job myself?  We'll take off all right from pad 18 just like we planned.
They'll recognize me.
Where is your head Jerome?  You're acting like a guilty man.  They won't marry the eyelash to you.  They won't believe that one of their elite navigators could have suckered them for the last five years.
--You don't understand they'll make the connection they'll hoover again.  We should cut our losses.
I'm not going anywhere.  Less than a week to go. Not on your life--
Come on--we're taking off.
Could be worse.  They could have found it in your eye.
In a corridor.
They found my eyelash.
What makes them think that?
They think I offed the Director.
What are you talking about?
We can't stay here.
Any particular reason?
Call German.
I'm proud of you Vincent.
It's all right.
--I walked right in front of it.  I was never more sober in my life.
--What car?--Go to sleep.
You know I wasn't drunk--I knew what I was doing when I walked in front of that car--
It's okay Eugene.
I'm sorry.  I'm sorry.
You know I'm scared of heights.
Up there they wouldn't be a problem.
I still can't believe they're sending you to the Belt--you of all people--never meant to be born on a mission to discover the origin of life.
A day or so.
How long do you stay up there before you go?
11.15 to the port.  A maintenance crew.
What <i>is</i> that one?
And drinking it.  It's like Evian by the time it's filtered.
At least up there your piss will be worth something.  You'll all be showering in it right?
Keep going!!  Keep going!!
I gotta stop!!  I gotta stop!!
You're right there's more atmosphere where you're going.
Let's get out of here.
You're going to have to earn your supper.  I've got my final physical tomorrow.
That's not the point.
So what?  You didn't kill him did you?
The place is crawling with Hoovers.
This calls for a celebration.  Doesn't it?
He was still warm when they confirmed.
What an act of benevolence--a service to the community.  So that's it.  Now there's nothing between you and ignition.
They found him in his office this morning-- beaten so bad they had to check his nametag.
The Mission Director.
Listen I bag this stuff anyway.  It may as well pay my rent.
What about you?  What's in this for you Eugene?
You don't know what a relief it is not to be me.  Are you sure <i>you</i> want the job?
It's not too late to back out.
God you're serious aren't you?
Leave?  Just a few million years ago every atom in this hair--in our bodies--was a part of a star. I don't see it as leaving.  I see it as going home.
God what <i>wouldn't</i> you do to leave the planet?
<i>More</i> than that.  You'll get used to it.
You really need that much?
Noone orders southpaws anymore.
You had to be a right-hander.
It needs work.
Wrong color.  It's silver.  It's not easy living up to this.
What about this?
If anybody asks tell them the truth-- your family disowns you.  You are a disappointment Jerome.
I have to know where you come from.
What will happen to the others?
I have to caution you it's not fool-proof. With multi-gene traits there can be no guarantees.
Antonio the choir...
I understand.  That's already been taken care of.  Now you appreciate I can only work with the raw material I have at my disposal but for a little extra...I could also attempt to insert sequences associated with enhanced mathematical or musical ability.
We want him--we were hoping he would get married and have children.  We'd like grandchildren.
Anything I've forgotten?
--We didn't want--<i>diseases</i> yes.
You've already specified blue eyes dark hair and fair skin.  I have taken the liberty of eradicating any potentially prejudicial conditions - premature baldness myopia alcoholism and addictive susceptibility propensity for violence and obesity--
We would like Vincent to have a brother... you know to play with.
First we may as well decide on gender. Have you given it any thought?
There's a way.
Even with lifts I'm never that tall.
You can wear lifts.
How tall are you?
Why are you inventing problems?  You two are a couple of goddam clones.  You look so right together I want to double my fee.
I'd have to bleach my hair.
That's the hair color in his profile?
It happened in Australasia.  He checked in yesterday.  No family complications no record he ever broke his neck.  As far as anybody's concerned he's still a walking talking fully-productive member of society. You just have to get him off the pipe and fill in the last two years of his life.  Excuse me <i>your</i> life.
How do I square the accident?
No problem.  Before he dropped out he was an honor student the right majors--
I hope he's not just a body.
He has the heart of an ox.  He could run through a Goddamn wall--if he could still run. Actually he was a big college swimming star.
Vincent come down.  I've found him.
German is that you?
Vincent...Vincent...
I think I could do something  provided you know what you're doing and you can meet the terms.
What do you think?
A fingerprint.  There's something to be said for nostalgia.  What did you find?
I've found him too.
Hugo!  I've found him!
They said the same thing about myopia and obesity.  You think your children would be less human if they were less violent angry spiteful?  Maybe they'd be <i>more</i> human.  From where I sit the world could stand a little improving.
You worried about the cost?
These new personality corrections I've been reading about.
My wife and I--we're thinking of starting a family.
Not so long--just once around the sun.
A year is a long time.
We could go together one day.
--when you go away.
I forgot something--something at home. I'll see you later.
What is it?
That's precisely what <i>scares</i>me--that they won't do anything <i>foolish</i> or <i>courageous</i> or <i>anything</i>--worth a Goddamn.
You hypocrite.  Do you think for one moment you'd be doing what you're doing if it wasn't for who you are--<i>what</i> you are?  Don't you get <i>any</i> satisfaction knowing that your children will be able to live to a ripe old age unless they do something foolish?
So you're not so smart after all.  I want you to know--if it ever came to it-- I'd be willing to get an ovum from the Egg Bank.  In fact I'd <i>rather</i> use a donor egg--  --<i>if</i> it came to it.
You remember the '99 Chrysler LeBaron? It's the exact height of the front fender.  Looked right instead of left.
What happened?
We'll get it later.  Irene please.
My medication.  I left it back there.
It's not safe.  I shouldn't have brought you here.
Who are they?
Let's walk.
What about the car?
Those checks take forever.
Why are we leaving?
You've never been here?  Let me order for you.
What <i>is</i> this place?
I guess somebody beat me to it.
So you didn't do it after all.
Of course I think about it every day.
Nothing yet.  I'll start experiencing symptoms in my late-fifties.  But unless they come up with something between now and then I won't live much past 67.
What exactly is wrong?
It's here.  My heart.  I'm careful--weekly check-ups.  I'm on a drug maintenance program blood thinners diet--  I just want you to know what you'd be getting yourself into.
I don't think so.  The only trip I'll make in space is around the sun--  --on this satellite right here.
You'll be next.
I envy you Jerome.
Why would I be angry?  It was beautiful.
You're angry--
Yes...<i>yes</i>...
You didn't know?
You celebrate Jerome?
Perhaps we ought to celebrate Irene.
Just some In-Valid.  Vincent--  --somebody.
Does it have a name?
In the South Wing.
They found an eyelash.
It was a mercy-killing after all.
Have they found our friend?
I know about you.
We were just looking.
I'm sorry.  I didn't mean anything.
I have better things to do this week than answer the foolish questions of some flatfoot. Don't you?
Why would we do that?
Why don't we say we were together?
So we don't know for sure about you either.
Were <i>you</i> alone?
I was at home.
Looks bad doesn't it Irene?  What about <i>you?</i>  Where were you last night?
No it can't be verified.  Yes I was alone.
Can that be er verified?  Were you alone?
Last night?  I was at home.
I've been asked to compile a log for the investigators--they want to know everyone's whereabouts last night.
--Unfortunately my son's not all that they promised.  But then who know what he could do.
Just remember Lamar I could have gone up and back and nobody would have been the wiser--
Did I ever tell you about my son Jerome?  He's a big fan of yours.  He wants to apply here.
There's a problem Lamar.
Flight got you nervous?
New policy.
What's this Lamar?
Need any more you can always get it off his shoes.
I've got enough here.
I'll tell you at the end of the week.
If everything goes to plan this could be the last time I see you for a while.  One week to go.  Please tell me you're the least bit excited.
Only every time I'm in here.
Jerome...never shy.  Pisses on command. You've got a beautiful cock.  I ever told you that Jerome?
The name?  For the certificate.
Honey look around you.  The world doesn't want one like <i>that</i> one.
Not like <i>this</i> one.
--I've read your profile.  I don't know about the father but you carry enough hereditary factors on your own.  You can have other children.
Honey you've made <i>one</i> mistake--
I'm not doing it.
The doctor will give you something.
No you don't understand.  I <i>can't</i>.
I told you the government pays.  It's all taken care of.
I can't do this.
What are you doing?
You can believe what you want.  You saw the tape.
Am I supposed to believe that this guy got shot in the chest six times at point blank range and just got up and walked out?
Hey I don't have answers for this. I just brought you down here because of the sword.
If he was knocked out in the can how could be walking across the lobby?
Parker.  We found him knocked out in the can.
Where's the guy we saw in the beginning -- what's his name...?
No joke Lieutenant.
What the hell.  What is this?  A joke?
You didn't see this.  Understand?
Well technically it's not mid evil - - it's Renaissance.
Why are people walking around New York with swords dressed in mid evil clothing?
They appear to be authentic.
What do you think?
Talk to me about what?
My name is Jennifer Hillman.  I'm an archaeologist.  I read in the paper about the murder yesterday and I thought I should come talk to you.
What?  Who are you?  What do you want?
Lieutenant?
Not now.  I'm busy.
Lieutenant Bedsoe?
I asked the State Department to check with our Embassies and Interpol to see if there were any similar occurrences like the bank.  Two weeks ago in London Charles Redder from the Bronx was mugged in Hyde Park.
I think it was England.
He had to come from somewhere.
We sent the prints we lifted from the counter at the bank to the State computers the FBI and interpol. Nothing.
Anything from the bank?
I don't need proof.  I know it.  Send it out.
We don't have any proof of that.
This ties in with Nash.
It's not a homicide Lieutenant.
Y'know the guys in robbery are gonna get kind of upset.  We're stepping on their toes of this one.
Good -- also give it to the papers and TV.
I'd like you to see this.
That's not all Lieutenant.  Wait until you see the tape.  It's unbelievable.
The guy had a sword and was dressed like this guy.
Really?  I want to make sure that I understand what you're telling me Greley.  A crime was committed in New York City?  That is news.
A tape from the surveillance camera at the First National Bank.  It was robbed this morning.
What is it?
Hey Lieutenant the boys in robbery have something I think you should look at.
Yeah -- how'd you know that?
Did you find a sword?  An old sword?
I see your point Bedsoe but I have to look at this from the law's point of view.  There's something missing here.  It's something I'm sure you've come across many times in your career.  It's called evidence.  Get me a murder weapon with his fingerprints on it.  Find me an eye witness.  Dig up a motive.  Until then we don't have a case against him.
For Chrissake!  Gimme a break.  The guy disappears for seven years and as soon as he comes back it starts again.
It's circumstantial.
You don't understand.  About seven years ago we found the body of a guy named Vasilnic in Jersey.  A week later in the parking lot of Madison Square Garden we found Iman Fasil. Three days after that Luman Castageer was found in an alley.  The fourth body we've never been able to identify.  All four men died from decapitation.  Nash was our primary suspect -- but he disappeared.
Cut him loose.  The D.A. says you ain't got shit on this guy.
Interrogation's over Bedsoe.
I'm in the middle of an interrogation Captain.
Hey -- somebody want to gimme a hand here?
Yes -- I think it is.
Most people are afraid of death.
Most people would show some sign of fear with a gun in their face.
Maybe he was a lousy shot.
Seven years ago I interviewed a guy. He said he saw two men fighting in an alley with swords.  One cut off the others head.  He shot the surviving guy twenty times and he got right back up and stabbed him.
That doesn't mean you don't know what's going on.  You're connected to this guy somehow.  He's after you -- just like the others were.
I'm sorry about that -- but I had nothing to do with it.
No -- it isn't.  A cop died today and the other is barely holding on.  I want some answers Nash.
Good evening Lieutenant.
Get outta here.
Lieutenant you're really frightening me.
No.  I'm telling you right now the next person's head that comes off is gonna be yours.
Is that it?
I'm gonna nail you Nash.  That's a promise.
He doesn't look familiar -- but then he'd probably be easier to identity with his head.
I brought you here to talk about him. Do you know him?
You didn't bring me here to talk about her.
She was a good woman.
And Brenda?
Where have you been for the last seven years?
No.  I don't scare easy.
Doesn't it scare you walk through the park at night?
Central Park.
Tell me again.  Where'd you go?
I already told you.  I took a walk.
Where were you last night around nine?
That's what I figured.  Well I have a little home coming present for you.
A few days ago.
When did you get back?
Congratulations.
Lieutenant.
Detective Bedsoe.
No -- after you.
You can go first.
You always get to go first.
That doesn't matter.
I stood up first.
No -- I will.
I'll go first.
The only thing you can do.  You must end it.
No.  What am I to do?
That was two hundred and fifty years ago -- and the pain still scars your heart.  Would you live that pain again?
So you do this for yourself?  What about her?  You cannot not have a relationship Macleod.  You've told me of your wife Heather and how you loved her. Romeriz warned you then but you would not listen.  You watched her grow old and die -- and there was nothing you could do.
I've learned that a man can only go so along living alone.
You've been seeing her for over a month now.  Have you learned nothing from the past?
What worries you?
Then she should be an excellent dancer.
She's the King's cousin.
To ask her to dance.
You may be living -- but this suit is killing me.
Living.  Remember?
What are we doing here?
Me?  Of course.
Not long.  We should arrive in the morning.  Are you going to be alright?
How long is the voyage?
The sea and I don't agree with each other.  Where we off to?
You're looking a wee bit green Thomas.
I do not know.  I pray that I shall never have to raise my sword against one that I call friend.
If it came down to it what would you do?
That is a thought that doesn't please me.
We cannot write our destiny Macleod. In the end it could be you and me.
As friends -- always as friends.
I'm sure they will.
For being a friend when I needed one. I hope our paths cross again.
Thank you Thomas.
Then it's worth the journey.
Maybe myself.
And what do you think you will find in another land?
England.  There is nothing for me here anymore.
Leaving what?
I'm leaving.
I see.  You don't care about life anymore.
That is what bothers me.
Do you not hear the wind in the trees?  The songs of the birds.  The horses breath?  There is a whole world around you. Alive.  Living.  Feel it -- become part of it.  Live your life Highlander.  It's going to be a long one.
That's all?
What else?  What else do you hear right now?
I hear you.
Life.  You've stopped living it.  You look but you do not see.  You listen but you do not hear.
Are you always this pleasant?  You know what you're problem is?
Can't you enjoy it quietly?
It is a beautiful day.  I am merely enjoying it.
Must you do that?
Perhaps -- but if I must face it let it find me for I shall search for it no more.
You cannot run from your destiny Conner.
Aye -- yet one such as I who has wandered this world for nearly nine centuries can remember back to other days of change.  Days of Robin of the Hood and Arthur Pendragon.  They were real enough once but they drifted into men's dreams and became legend - - as we shall do one day.
The days of magic are ending.  The world is changing.
There will be more to the prize than that.  Power will come with it -- and it must be used for good.
The prize?  So much blood so that in the end the one that remains will be mortal again.  So much pain so that the winner can grow old and have children.  The prize hardly seems worth the cost of it.
Indeed you did.  And now it is time for you to pass on to others what you learned from him.
I learned my fill from Romeriz.
Thomas Cavenaugh.  I am a teacher of sorts.  Like Romeriz I help those newly acquainted with our life.
Who are you?
We too are brothers Macleod.  In fact you have more family than you think.
No.  He was my brother.  He died at anothers hand.
I know that weapon.  It belonged to Juan Romeriz.  He's dead?
Caution shows wisdom.
Since we hardly know each other I'm sure you'll understand if I hold one to it for awhile.
You'll have no need for that Highlander.
I would like to say goodbye.
It is.  Do not ask me how.  I do not know.  I must leave for if I stayed others would surely hear of this and worse than they will come.
This cannot be.
I know that for six months you've worked hard and asked for little. That you're a good and honest man. What more need I know?
Your words are kind and they flatter me -- but I think of her as a sister. Besides you hardly know me.
She'll soon be of age.
She's a treasure she is.
I think my Sarah fancies you Conner.
I think you just like to eat dirt.
What do you think?
Can you really tell from doing that?
It will be a good harvest this year.
We had a bargain.  You promised.
And what would'st I gain from this bargain?
I've come to strike a bargain with you.  I wish to learn the power of changing.
Would'st you harm one who comes to aid you?
How comes it your are not afraid?
Because it's for the best.  There are somethings that are better left unexplained.
Why are you doing this?
Where I'm going you cannot follow.
Then take me with you.
Do you love me Conner?
I cannot explain.
You'll no see me again.
Leaving?  For how long?
I'm leaving in the morning.
I cannot stay.
Because it's the past -- and things that are in the past are best left there.
Why is it you never talk to me about Scotland -- your life there.
Different places.
Where do you go when your mind drifts?
Paul.  I thought we agreed.  No press.
No -- we're from Strange facts and mysteries.  It's a syndicated show out of..
You guys are from the British museum right?
What are you hoping to find inside?
Any idea how big the cavern is on the other side?
Electro magnetic soundings indicate we've only got a few inches of rock left before we reach the main chamber.
Sounds very -- normal.
Now I can start to live.  To feel. To grow old and live each day without the promise of another.
Be careful Conner.
He's in there!
He will not stop until it is over.
Must you fight him?
It will end tonight.
Where will you go now?
He is immortal -- yes -- but he is not like me.  We are the last of our kind.  The last of the Calans.  I do not know what purpose we were put here for.  I only know that if he wins the world will suffer for it.
And the other one -- he is like you?
You wanted the truth -- now you have it.
It came from your great great great grandmother Isabelle Tourez who lived in Paris and died on the guillotine in 1789 -- alone -- and unmarried.  The ring was given to her by someone who loved her -- but knew that it could never be.
How did you know that?
--the crest of a lion and a dragon and a single word:  Courage.
On the back it has--
I've seen it.
Would you like to see it?
Not unless they're immortal.
How could that be?  People don't live for three hundred years.
--for three hundred years.
That would mean they'd been trapped in there--
Yes -- if they were trying to get in -- but what if they weren't?  What if they were trying to get out?
If they pushed the rocks you would have found them on the other side of the cavern wall.
Why would someone pull on the rocks to get in the cavern?  They were wedged in tight.  They couldn't get a grip on them.  They would have had much more strength pushing on them.
Let me ask you something else.  At the excavation site in Scotland the tunnel leading into the cavern had collapsed.  The day we found the body someone had moved the rocks making a hole in the collapsed section.  What bothers me is that we found the rocks from the hole on our side of the tunnel wall.
You don't really believe this do you?
Because I don't feel like sitting in a rubber room for forty-eight hours.
Have you told Lieutenant Bedsoe your theory?
Why don't you tell me.
--the Calan.  Do you know who they are?
Alright.  In the shop you mentioned something about--
Yes -- it is.
A little -- yes.  My interest in coming here is profession.
That makes you uncomfortable?
I wanted to get to know you better.
How come you wanted to meet tonight?
Why?  Because I don't give up all my secrets?
You're not an easy person to get to know.
I've lived all over the world.
I'm just trying to place you.
You have an interesting accent. Where are you from?
You didn't answer my question.
You're twenty minutes late.
Good evening.
I told you I'm interested in mythology.  We can talk about it more.
Meet me Tratino's at nine.
You look like you have.
Have you ever heard of the Calan?
I'm interested in mythology.
It probably wouldn't interest you. It's something I read in a mythology book.
About what?
You talk to me -- but you don't answer my questions.  I guess I'll have to talk to Lieutenant Bedsoe.
New York is dangerous place.
Do you always walk around with a sword?
Then how did he know your name?
I don't know.
Who was that man last night?
I don't have any answers for you.
You remind me of someone I used to know.
Why do you stare at me like that?
You are a very persistent woman Miss Hillman.
I don't know anymore.
Then who's Russell Nash?
Because it's my name.
What's going on?  Why did he call you Macleod?
I'll be fine.
You're hurt.
It's mine.  It's been in my family for years.  It belonged to my great great great grandmother.
Where did you get it?
Why?  What's going on?
This is.  Go home.  Stay out of this.
If it's good advice.
Are you the type of person who takes advice Miss Hillman?
Why do I feel that you know what's going on?
You got me.
Bullet proof vests don't bleed.
He was wearing a bullet proof vest.
I don't think so -- but then maybe you've can guess how a guy with a sword could rob the First national Bank this afternoon -- and get shot six times in the chest by the guard and still get up and walk out?
A lucky guess.
Yes.  How did you know?
In the highlands?
Yes.  We found another man outside a site we were working at in Scotland.
I don't think we have anything to talk about Miss Hillman.
To talk to you.
What do you want?
No.  I'm an archaeologist.
Are you a cop?
I was wondering if I could talk to you?
I remember you.
My name is Jennifer Hillman.  I was at the police station earlier today--
I'm having some people over tonight for dinner -- I'd like you come.
I like my work.
Do you?  Then why don't you go out? Meet someone.  Make a life for yourself instead of hiding away in the past?
I know Paul.
Jennifer there is more to life than work.
I was working on the cataloging.
You stayed here again last night?
It has to be.
I don't think it is a duplication.
Incredible.  The cloth -- the buttons -- it looks to be mid sixteen hundreds.  It's a remarkable duplication.
His head.  Someone cut it off.
What's that next to him?
We found him this morning.
I don't know.
How could they get by him?
He's fine.  He swears he never left his post for a moment.  He heard a noise and when he went back to look they were already inside.
What?  How?
Someone broke into the cavern last night.
We're holding the workers down below.
Then we shouldn't break into the cavern until tomorrow morning.  This could be a very important find.  I want it documented.
They've had a little car trouble. I'm afraid they won't be here until after dark.
Where is the film crew from the British Museum?
Just a little.  Who knows what we're going to find in there.  It could be a huge excavation.  A little friendly PR never hurt.
Perhaps -- but it comes off none the less.
It does not come off as easily as the young ones.
Oh -- I almost forgot.  Your head.
I know.  I know-- you would not tell me.  Loyalty -- it really is a concept that eludes me.  Oh well -- I shall find him.  Time is on my side.
I do not know -- and even if I did...
Impressive -- is it not?  The problem is I can only keep the illusion for a few minutes.  I need more power to hold the form longer.  I need the Highlander.  Where is he?
It's not been long enough.  What witchcraft is this?
It flatters me you remember old one. It's been what... two hundred years?
You cannot hide from me.  You will not stand between me and my destiny. After I have your head the power will let me hold any form as long as I want.  Do you know what that means? I can become the President -- I can become anyone I want.  The world will be mine.
It will not end tonight.
It was not by choice.  A small matter of a mountain falling down on us.  We were trapped inside.  When the time of the Gathering came the urge to go was so strong we tried to claw through rock with our bare hands.  What you thought was the end -- was not.  This is the end.  We are the last of our kind Macleod.
Why did you wait?
Fine -- I've waited over three centuries.  I can wait a little longer.
The Kurgan was a pussy.
That's what the Kurgan said.
I am stronger than you Highlander.
This cannot be.
Highlander -- I had hoped it would be you.
I'm glad you've come home Conner.
No -- I'm fine.  Thank you.
Is there anything else you need?
I don't know.
How can that be?
It isn't over is it Conner?
I can take care of myself.
The police still have a lot of questions for Russell Nash.
You know it's not safe here for you.
And I you.  Go now.  Let me walk to heavens door alone.
I'll no forget you.
Aye -- I know Las -- and I have never loved anyone more.
I love you Conner.
Don't cry wee one.  It's a better place I go to.
It's not for me to decide.
Don't leave us Conner.
Aye -- that I would lass.
Would you care for some water Conner?
If you search your heart you know all the good you have done.  Your strength comes from your heart -- because in your heart you know what you are fighting for is good and just.  This room is filled with memories. If you search through them you can find the good -- the difference you have made.  And now it is for you to make the greatest difference of all. Look in your heart Conner -- and you will see the good that you have done.
Dear sweet Rachel.  Men's lifes are measured by the good they do.
And now it's time to come out of the shadows.
I haven't lived life -- I've hidden from it.  I've existed in the shadows.
Did they?  You are only a man different than most -- but still a man.  You feel the same -- want the same.  You want to live.
My dreams died long ago.
Do not underestimate the power of your heart.  Your dreams live there.
You also have a power Conner.  It is why you have survived.
I don't know.  He is the stronger one.  He has a power--
I could have ended it tonight but I didn't.
There's nothing I can do.  I'll wait. One way or another soon it will all be over soon.
What will you do?
I heard voices downstairs.  Is everything alright?
Why won't you ever let anyone help you?
Yes -- when their troubles can harm them.
Is it a mistake for someone to go to the ones who love them when they're in trouble?
I shouldn't have come back here.  It was a mistake.
What are you doing?
You kept it?
Alright.  It's going to take a few minutes.  I have to call and verify the funds.
I can take care of myself.
This check is for sixteen thousand dollars.  That's a lot of cash to be carrying around.
No.  The money please.
Would you like to deposit this in your account?
Good afternoon...  ... Shirley.
Good afternoon Mr. Parker.
A bird cage.
What is it?
One way to find out.
Do you think it goes all the way across?
This is how you play God.
This is how you make dinosaurs?
He's smart Dr. Grant. And he knows so much about dinosaurs.
After what you've seen today you really think your son could be alive?
A few of us survived. A lot more died. And we were better prepared and better armed.  How many days have they been missing?
Still you have survived the dinosaurs before. You saved those kids.
And tell your wife to stop making so much noise! We're food to these damn animals.
I would completely support that.
Either that or the government will firebomb it back to the Stone Age.
I do. It's worth another shot. And who knows? Things might turn out differently.
You mean it?
We should try fishing again.
But he didn't. And neither did you. And I'm glad about that.
He could have died.
How would you have helped Eric?  He needs you Paul. He needs us.
I should have tried. It should have been me on that beach back there not Billy.
You couldn't have made that jump.
My own kid was right in front of me and I didn't do a damn thing.
I'm trying! That thing took him down this way!
Paul! Where is he? Can you see him?
We're not going anywhere I promise.
Eric its okay. You'll be right behind me.
Never had a doubt. Never did. Us Kirby men we stick around huh?
Sweetheart you're okay.  You're okay.  You're okay.
I loaned it to Nash. He must have had it on him when he...
What?...WHAT!?
I don't remember
When did you have it last?
I don't know. I don't have it with me.
He would have been safe. Completely entirely suffocatingly safe.  I would have him to see more of the world than Enid Oklahoma. I wanted to see more of the world than Enid Oklahoma. And so yes it's my fault that this happened. I'm sorry that you have to be here.
That one time was just the bumper.
This wouldn't happen if he was with you. I mean you drive five miles below the speed limit. I totaled three cars in fives years.
Well damn it. I don't speak ill of the dead. What I'm trying to say is its was just a crazy accident. The exact same thing could have happened if he was with me. You can't go beating yourself up about it.
I want to find them too but we can't do a bit of good right now. For every scary thing we saw in the daylight I'll bet there ten times more of 'em at night.  Am I right?
We can't just stop looking. Eric and Dr. Grant are out there somewhere.
We have to help him.
It's not safe.
He's this way.
Eric! Are you here?
Its not about him. It's Eric. He's alone out here somewhere. Our baby is all alone.
I know you liked Ben. I had no right to...
I'm sorry Amanda. I am. And I'm sorry for the things I said about him.
I filmed this the morning they left.
That's him. Thats Eric!
Young adult.
Just drop it Paul!
What did you say!
What did you say?
Oh don't worry about that.
Fine...and when the Tricyclatops comes after you don't come crying to me.
Well what's the use of hiring an expert if your not going to listen to him?
Dr. Grant says this Dr. Grant says that...
No Dr. Grant says...
Well we should split up or something. We can cover twice the area.
Stop that. Dr. Grant says this is dangerous territory.
You look good.
People change.
You hate to swim.
Twenty twenty-fire pounds. I've been swimming at the Y.
How much weight have you lost?
Nothing you haven't seen before.
A friend. We were vacationing. Eric wanted to see the island and the dinosaurs so Ben found a guy who would take them parasailing. They never came back.
Her new boyfriend.
Don't worry honey. We'll circle around and come back.
We can't just...
What's a bad idea?
He says it's a bad idea!
Amanda Honey! Dr. Grant says it's a bad idea!
From what I understand it's pretty much whatever we want.
Well I'm no aviation specialist. But I do know it's hell of a lot lower than anyone else.
We've arranged for a private airplane to take us flying over Isla Sorna. And we want you to be our guide.
...once-in-a-lifetime.
We even have two seats reserved aboard the first commercial moon flight.
Amanda and I well we just love the outdoors. Heck we've been on pretty much any adventure tour they can come up with: Galapagos K2 the Nile...
It is truly whats the word? Inspiring.
First off let me say as a dinosaur enthusiasts Amanda and I have admired your work for years.
Where is it?
You had the phone the whole time?
What about Eric?
Going to the coast was Alan's idea. If he's alive thats where he's headed.
What about Eric and Dr. Grant?
We need to stick to the plan. Head for the coast.
He's not a kill he's still alive.
He's right. A predator wouldn't leave a kill wounded.
I thought we weren't suppose to yell.
Who's that?
He's with a man named Ben Hildebrand.
You see that's just the thing. Paul and I have special permission to fly low.
Okay. He loves us very very much. And I know that right now more than anything your Dad would want to know that we're safe. Okay?
He loves you too.
Let me tell you a few things about you Dad okay? He's very very very clever very very brave and he loves you ever very much.
then we should...
I know. I know. I want to look for him too.
We have to keep looking for Dad. We have to.
Just hold on.
Where's Dad?
It won't hold!
He's probably has a better chance by the coast as it is. Figures that all the big dinosaurs would live in the center of the island.  Right?
Dr. Grant was.
I thought you were an expert.
I dont know.
They set a trap  They actually set a trap.
They couldnt climb up so they were trying to get us to come down.
About a thousand feet above it actually.  Most mountain-climbers remember how tall that mountains were.
Thirty-thousand I think. Closer to the top.
So Mr. Kirby tell me when you climbed K2 did you base camp at 25- or 30000 feet?
I didn't know there were two islands.
That was Isla Nublar. This is Isla Sorna. The second island.
I KNOW THE CONSEQUENCES!
I CAN GET HIM!
Some of the worst things imaginable have been done with the best intentions. You rushed in with no thought to the consequences to yourself or anyone else.  You're no better than the people who built this place.
You have to believe me. I did it with the best intentions.
Billy I can't talk to you now.
Alan I want to tell you that I'm so sorry about the...
We need to keep moving.
KEEP GOING!
Ah yes the first rule of academics. Publish or perish.
We could co-write a paper.
We should take it with us to signal any planes.
It looks intact.
That's because it wasn't on their list. Who knows what else they were up to?
I don't remember that on InGen's list.
Not with that sail.  Spinosaurus Aegypticus.
They never got that big.
Obviously a superpredator.  Suchimimus. that snout.
How would you classify it?
I don't think so.
Is it a rex?
Mr. and Mrs. Kirby! If you look out the right you can see...
I'm so use to seeing bones. It's weird to see skin.
The bones will be there when we get back. That's the nice thing about them. They never run away.  And besides you got me into this. I don't intend to be alone with these people.
Listen Alan I really appreciate you bringing me along.
Reverse-Darwinism. Survival of the most idiotic.
It was this strap alone that saved my life. Got caught on a rock as I was falling.
That does sound lucky.
No way. This is lucky. Couple years ago some buddies and I went hang gliding off these cliffs in New Zealand. Updraft sent me right into the side. BOOM!
Even with what I pay you you could get a better bag.
They're here.
Absolutely not.
Not if it can't dig.
It's a rapid prototyper. I feed in the scan data from the raptor skull than the computer breaks it into thousands of slices which this thing prints one layer on top of the other. It's the future of paleontology.
You rented an automated litter box.
Three weeks. I had to rent some equipment.
We'll be broke in four weeks.
How was your trip? Profitable?
Alan don't be afraid to evolve.
A well-accepted theory.
When I met you I thought that one day millions of years ago all the dinosaurs became extinct. Wiped out. But you told me otherwise. When conditions changed dinosaurs changed. They became other things. They evolved.
Goodbye Alan.
Okay. Goodbye Ellie.
Let me know if I can help Alan. Youre bad about asking for help but please ask me. Anything anytime.
I'd better get going.
The last of my breed.
Times change Alan. But you're the still the best. I mean that.
It was never easy but before Jurassic Park you could find money. Somewhere. Now fossils are out. Everyone wants to see a real live dinosaur.
Good luck with the fund raising.
To a degree we never imagined.
You think they could talk to each other?
We've done cranial scans and raptors actually had a quite sophisticated resonating chamber. I have a theory that their ability to vocalize is the key to their social intelligence. The way they can work together as a team.
I try not to.
You remember the sounds they made?
My favorite.
Raptors mostly.
Anything good?
Really?  What do you do there?
So Mark's working at the State Department now.
Sorry Alan it's been six years.
He used to know me.
He's three. Why don't you wait till he's a little older?
The population will Stabilize eventually. They'll adapt to fit different roles.
What do you think is going to happen with the dinosaurs?
No we're not.
We're safe!
Do me a favor. Go back to your parents for a minute would you?  They look worried.
No. I couldn't see.
Eric do you know what happened to the boat? that brought you here? Why did it crash?
You're right.
You should.
It's strikes me now I never told her that.
She's the one person I could always count on. And she's saved me more times than she realizes. I owe her everything.
The lady you called how do you know she can help us?
Something must've scared them.
Exactly. The difference between imagining how things might be and seeing how they really are. To be able to touch them. That's what Billy wanted to do.
But then you never get to go in space.
See I was the opposite. I never understood why anyone would want to go into space. It's so dangerous. You do one thing wrong and you're dead. The astronomer -- or the paleontologist -- get to study these amazing things from a place of complete safety. And truthfully everything you really need to learn you can learn it from the ground.
I want to be an astronaut.
I have a theory that there's two kinds of boys. Those who want to be astronomers and those who want to be astronauts.
No. Although I've studied them in the wild.
Do you have any kids?
Then we go home?
We climb down to the barge and follow the river out to the ocean. With any luck the Costa Rican coast guard will pick us up.
Closer you get to the water the bigger things get.
Are you sure?
We need to head for the coast.
I stayed pretty close to the compound Figured if anyone came to look for me that's where they'd start.
How much of this island have you explored?
Mine's new.
A raptor claw. I use to have one. A fossil.
Know what this is?
I dunno. I mean it was kind of preachy. Chaos-this chaos-that. And like to me the guy seemed kind of high on himself.
What did you think?
Did you read Malcolm's book?
The important thing is we both made it. That's something we have in common.
Is that all it's been? I thought it was longer.
It's a wonder you aren't. I'm amazed Eric. I barely lasted 30 hours. You lasted eight weeks.
Found this but the battery's dead.
Any weapons radios?
When InGen cleared out they left a lot of stuff behind.
Back then they hadn't tried to eat me.
The first one. Before you where on the island. You liked dinosaurs back then.
Which one do you prefer?
You're Alan Grant aren't you?  I read both of your books.
You'd be surprised what people can do when they have too.
They'll never make it. I mean they can't manage when the cable goes out.
On the island.
In Costa Rica?
Eric your parents are both here.
Well we don't exactly have a Costa Rican phone book here so it will have to be somebody we know in the states. Someone we can absolutely count on to send help.
Whatever you do don't call the U.S. Embassy. They won't do a God Damn thing.
It's no use Dr. Grant. No use.
Back out! Move!
But you never came across just one.
Well that's good.
There is no Kirby Enterprises is there?
You can stick with us or you can go and look for him. Either way you're probably not getting out of here alive.
Dr. Grant we're not leaving without our son.
No I'm sorry but no. We'll savage what we can from the plane. Then we head for the coast. There may be a boat left something to get us off this island.
Sure you have. You wrote that book...
I have never been on this island!
We needed somebody who knew the lay of the land. Somebody who'd been to this island before.
Mr. Kirby trust me on this island there is no such thing as safe. We have to get back in this plane...
Establishing a perimeter. Making it safe. These guys are really good. One of them was a Green...
What the hell is going on? What are they doing?
This plane can not land!
Dr. Grant if you'd just sit tight we'll explain this all in a jiffy.
Let's just say that through my business -- imports/exports emerging markets -- I've made some friends in high places. In this case the Costa Rican government.
That's hard to believe.
I'm flattered but I've taken this little adventure tour. And with the air restrictions they've imposed after the incident in San Diego you cant fly low enough to see anything of interest.
No no see Dr. Grant you're the best. You've seen these animals in the flesh. No one else has come close to you.
That's a very nice offer Mr. Kirby but I'm afraid I'm much to busy. If you like I can refer you to a number of highly qualified...
Now for our wedding anniversary this year we wanted to do something really special something...
I guarantee it'll be worth your while.
You know I've been traveling and I'm very tired. Maybe some other time.
Well sir I am a great admirer of yours and I have an extremely interesting proposition to discuss. Would you let my wife and I take you to have dinner tonight? Our treat.
What can I do for you Mr. Kirby?
No.  I feel something.
You hear something?
If the nest is upwind so are we. When he comes back he'll know we're here before we have a chance.  The truck --
Make a blind here?  Wait for the buck to return?
It certainly does.
It matches the pictures.
Ajay.  Go on up to my ranch take a look around the trophy room and tell me what kind of quarry you think could possibly be of any interest to me.
You broke that idiot's jaw for no reason other than your boredom.  Tell the truth Roland.  Aren't you even interested in knowing this expedition's quarry?
Sorry.  We were saying?
A true hunter doesn't mind if the animal wins.  If it escapes.  But there weren't enough escapes from you and me Ajay.  I've decided to spend a bit less time in the company of death.  Maybe I just feel too close to it my--
How do you mean?
Just a little bit too much I think.
But alone?  We always had great success together you and I.
Well I'm a very well-funded old son of a bitch.  You go.
I got a call from a gentleman who's going to Costa Rica or thereabouts. If he's to be believed it's a most uh unique expedition.  And very well-funded.
Last time I plugged it in I suppose. Why?
You.  Tell me Roland when was the last time you answered your phone?
That cheap aftershave I send you every Christmas you actually wear it.  I'm touched.  Sit down sit down what brings you to Mombassa?
How did you know?
Because I didn't know!  I don't have the faintest idea what they're doing here.
Why didn't you tell us about these guys Ian?!
Like if you shoot yourself in the foot?  Wouldn't matter.  You'd be dead  before you realized you'd accidentally pulled the trigger.
Is there an antidote?
Is there anything we've forgotten? Anything at all?
It doesn't matter what I think.
You think I'm all talk Eddie?
Former academic.  Now I actually make things.  I don't just talk.
You are an academic.
Light and strong light and strong sure why not it's only impossible. God save me from academics.
Any damage?
Ian you are my last chance to give something of real value to the world. I can't walk so far and leave no footprints; die and leave nothing with my name on it.  I will not  be known only for my failures.  And you will not allow yourself to go down in history as a lunatic.  You're too smart.  You'e too proud.  Dr. Malcolm.  Please.  This is a chance at redemption.  For both of us. There's no time to equivocate we must seize it now before --
I'm not going John.
You'll need an animal behaviorist someone with unimpeachable credentials.  I believe you already know Sarah Harding.  She's got theories about parenting and nurturing among hunter/scavengers I bet she'd be dying to prove on a scale like this.  If you convince her to go it'll be a major coup.  When she publishes the scientific community must take it seriously.
I've been putting this together for over a year.  I have personal suggestions for your entire team phone numbers contact people.  They won't believe you about what they're going to see so don't bother trying to convince them.  Just use my checkbook to get them there. I'll fund your expedition through my personal accounts as such money and equipment as you need but only if you leave immediately.  If we hesitate all will be lost.
It would be the most extraordinary living fossil record the world has ever seen.
Are you out of your mind?  I still have nightmares my reputation's a joke my leg is shot -- you think I need more of that?
After the accident at the park a hurricane wiped out our facility on Site B.  We had to evacuate and leave the animals to fend for themselves. And they did.  For four years I've fought to keep them safe from human meddling now I want you to go there and document them.
No no no no no no . . .
Isla Nublar was just a showroom Ian something for the tourists Site B was the factory floor.  We built it first on Isla Sorna eight-some miles from Nublar.
I don't believe you.
The hatchery in particular?  You know my initial yields had to be low far less than one percent that's a thousand embryos for every single live birth.  Genetic engineering on that scale implies a giant operation not the spotless little laboratory I showed you.
What are you talking about?
Well?  Didn't it all seem a trifle compact to you?
You were right -- and I was wrong. There!  Did you ever think you'd hear me say that?  Spectacularly wrong. Instead of observing those animals I tried to control them.  I squandered an opportunity and we still know next to nothing about their lives.  Not their lives as man would have them behind electric fences but in the wild.  Behavior in their natural habitat the impossible dream of any paleontologist.  I could have had it but I let it slip away.  Thank God for Site B.
They do have motives.  Why did you want to see me?  Your message said it was urgent.
It's the lawyers.  The lawyers are finally killing me.
I didn't know you -- weren't well.
When you have a lot of time to think it's funny who you remember.  It's the people who challenged you.  It is the quality of our opponents that gives our accomplishments meaning.  I never told you how sorry I was about what happened after we returned.
Everyone keep your voices down!
Are you looking for a problem?
You gotta be kidding.  You dragged me out of Greenpeace to be a corporate stooge?  You couldn't get anybody else?
But he's the head of InGen!
Is that who we're really working for?!  Gene splicers?!
InGen is a genetics corporation isn't it?
-humidity I know.  Highest lead density on the market.
Do you have chromium tapes?  The others fog in high-
We've got to see one to find out. Is there any --
That doesn't say a thing about T-rex they could have been rogues.  Robert Burke certainly thinks they were.
Why wouldn't they?  Look at hyenas jackals nearly all species of predator birds --
I'm not surprised stegosaur lived in a family group but there's never been anything in the fossil record to prove the carnivores did.
And let's forget about the high hide. We can't do this kind of work up in a tower we need to be out in the field as close to the animals as possible.
Dr. Malcolm -- the world -- owes you an apology.
Ian you're not insane!  I'm so glad!
Not without a shot of the nest.
The empty shells are crushed and trampled.  The young stay in the birth environment that's conclusive!
I want to see the nesting ground!
That was a pair bond!  A family group even long after that infant was nestbound!
I'm fine... I'm fine...
I'm fine I'm fine I was scared I thought you are you okay?!
Are you all right?!  Anything broken?
Exactly what John Hammond wanted us to do.
What are you guys gonna do?
On the side of that one truck.
Where does it say that?
Because you said so.  Maybe nobody else believed you but I always did.
How could you possibly?
You like to have kids you just don't want to be with them do you?
This is nothing like Austin.  Forget about it.
I don't care about the trials I want to be with you.  I could be your research assistant like I was in Austin.
Out of the question.  You'd miss the gymnastics trials.  You've been training for that for a year.
I could come with you.
That Richard.
No.  Richard talked to his parents.
Well is he?
That was about a year ago.
You know at the bus stop.  With the hair?
Is that kid still bothering you?
No Dad.  I have thoughts of my own once in a while.
Very hurtful.  Your mother tell you to say that?
I'm your daughter all the time you know.  Not just when it's convenient.
I'll make it up to you this summer. I promise.
My vacation is over in a week.
I can't tell you.  But I'll be back within a week.
Stop saying fantastic.  Where are you going?
Well I do and she's fantastic. She'll take you to the museum maybe to a movie if you play your cards right.  You're going to have a fantastic time.
I don't even know this woman.
Okay Karen is expecting you in half an hour.  You only have to stay with her one night she'll put you on a bus in the morning and your mother will be at the station when you get there.
Kelly!  What are you doing here?
Let it go Peter.  The animal won.
If I don't move I can't shoot it.
It's just fed.  It won't attack unless it's threatened.  Don't move.
It's... behind... us.
We took to the rock.
Do you think the rex might have the infant with it?
The radio rig is inside.  It runs directly from the geothermal generator so power shouldn't be a problem.
Operations building.  Far end of the street.
Where's the power and radio setup?
What is that?
The velociraptors.
Isn't it obvious?
What in Christ's name is going on?!
We've got to transport it seven thousand miles.  Would you prefer it bit off the leg of a crew member?
You've broken its leg!
Had to.  To keep him still for the trip.
I hadn't planned on bringing carnivores back because of the liability risk but I only thought of adults it never occurred to me --  You are a billion dollar idea my little f-
You're kidding yourself.  An adult T-rex cares about one thing -- filling its own belly.  It acts the way people wish they could that's why everyone's fascinated by it.  If people had the chance to see one dinosaur and one only ninety-nine percent would --
Rex won't be any different.  It'll come.
Killing lessons?  Heartwarming.
I once saw a bull elephant die charging a jeep.  All the jeep had done was startle the bull's calves. I saw a lioness carry wounded prey four and a half miles all the way back to its den just to teach its cubs how to finish off a kill.
You rally think this'll draw the parent?
Why not just use a scope and a poison dart and snipe him from a hill?
Forty yards.  Less maybe.  I assume it'll take a slug in the brain case to bring him down.
How close do you have to be?
My father's .600 Nitro Express.  Made in 1904.  Karimojo Bell gave it to him after he took down his last elephant.  8700 foot pound striking force.
What kind of gun is that?
To collect my fee.
Where do you think you're going?!
Peter if you want me to run your little camping trip there are two conditions.  First -- I'm in charge and when I'm not around Dieter is.  Your job is to sign the checks tell us we're doing a good job and open your case of scotch when we have a good day.  Second condition -- my fee.  You can keep it.  All I want in exchange for my services is the right to hunt one of the tyrannosaurs.  A male.  Buck only.  Why and how are my business. If you don't  like either of those conditions you're on your own.  Go ahead and set up your camp right here or in a swamp or in the middle of a rex nest for all I care.  But I've been on too many safaris with rich dentists to listen to any more suicidal ideas.  Okay?
You heard his Dieter.  Find a new spot.  And remember we're after herbivores only -- no unnecessary risks.
Carnivores hunt near stream beds.  Do you want to set up base camp or an all-you-can-eat people bar?
What?  Why?
Cancel that Dieter.
What's he got in there?
InGen is my livelihood Dr. Malcolm and I will jealously defend its interests.  People will know what I want them to know when I want them to know it.
It was a payoff and an insult.  InGen never--
We made a generous compensatory offer for your injuries.
There are no versions of the truth! This isn't a corporate maneuver it's my life.
You version of it.
I didn't tell anything I told the truth.
If your university felt you were causing it embarrassment by selling wild stories to Hard Copy I hardly see how I am to--
You cost me my livelihood.  That on which I relied to support my children.
You signed a non-disclosure agreement before you went to the island that expressly forbade you from discussing anything you saw.  You violated that agreement.
Do me a favor.  Don't pretend for a second that you and I don't know the truth.  You can convince Time magazine and the Skeptical Inquirer of whatever you want but I was there.
So you two were just uh telling old campfire stories were you?
I lost everything I came after on this trip but one T-rex in one theme park could single-handedly bail InGen out of Chapter 11.
You're going too?
You know how to work a radio don't you?
Don't ask me.  The guy's completely out to lunch.
Their what?
Don't start a legal argument with me this island isn't your property and neither are these animals!
Trespassing sabotage -- you could go to jail just for being here did you know that?
Look!  Sarah!
Something's wrong.
DAMN IT BE SURE!!
I think she's with Sarah!
I have to find Kelly!
Head for the roof!
For sixty seconds maybe!  Look at this!  You could-
It'll hold!
This is single-wall construction! It's just a shack!
We can't stay in here!
She's with Sarah!
Where's Kelly?
I don't know.
What are they?
What do you think they want?!
What do they want?!
No!  Get in the car before they hear us!
So do it a favor and put it out of its misery!
It has a broken leg!
Dr. Juttson please take Kelly back to camp right away.  Leave the other car for us and we'll meet you there in an hour or so.
There' no reason for name calling.
I don't know these guys but I know 'em.  I've seen 'em on Japanese whalers French barges trying to dump barrels of nuclear waste in the North Atlantic.  They're all the same. They spray us with water cannon when we try to stop 'em sink our boats and then call us crazy.
Our chance to do what?
Then this is our chance.
You can't stay Kelly that's it. It's too dangerous.
Do you see any family resemblance here?
She's nuts.
She's gutty.
Now's the perfect time.  The animal just fed so it won't stalk us for food.  Predators don't hurt when they're not hungry.
You gentlemen feel you have to do this now?
Don't let it out of your hands again.  Can the kid walk?
Four counting the one in the chamber.
How many rounds did you find for that weapon?
It's called self-testing.  But in your case it sounds more like self-destruction.  A uniquely human characteristic.  In fact human beings destroy things so well that I sometimes think that's our function. Maybe every few sons some animal comes along that kills off the rest of the world clears the decks and lets evolution proceed to his next phase.  Maybe death and destruction are our job maybe we're supposed to destroy ourselves and every other living thing that-
Somewhere on this island there exits the greatest predator that ever lived.  And the second greatest predator must take him down.
I don't care about my life.  But if I'd ever thought for a second that she would be in danger --
So the truth is more important to you than your life?
Yes.  And people will live in the absence of truth.
It'll still exit if they go on not knowing won't it?
Because it exists.
Why should they?
So that others would know about this place?
Why did you come here?
Just -- flawed.  Very deeply flawed.
Feeling a bit blue are we?
A statistical phenomenon.  Says everything in the world goes in streaks.  It's real you see it everywhere -- in weather in river flooding in baseball in blackjack in stock markets.  Once things go bad they tend to stay bad.  Bad things cluster.  They go to hell together.
What's that?
You ever heard of Gambler's Ruin?
We'd never make it past the raptors. Trust me I have some experience in this matter.
Look we have two choices.  We can hike back down to the lagoon where we can sit for two days in the open next to a heavily used water source while we're waiting for your boat to arrive or we can head for the village where we might find some shelter and we can call for help.
No.  I'm quite certain you can't.
These formations.  They're dried --
Ian.  It's guano.
Ian they will misplace our evidence shoot holes in our testimony and say some special effects genius created the animals.  The only way people will ever believe that dinosaurs exist is if you dump a T-rex in the middle of times Square.
Maybe.  Maybe not.
You know even if we do get those tapes back people are going to say it's just another hoax.  Ian Malcolm's alien autopsy.
They're pushing us over the cliff.
Then the only thing left to do is make sure we do get back.  I'll call the mainland on the satellite phone and have them send the boat right now.  This expedition is over.
They will come after me.  But I can collect some stool samples for DNA with that Nick's tapes and the rest of you to back me up it should stand when we get back.
All right.  I'm satisfied with the evidence we have right now. I feel vindicated.  John Hammond will too.  Do you have enough to publish?
I swear to God it works with lions sometimes!  There we are -- your baby is free --
Are you insane?!
Born free as free as the wind blows. As free as the grass grows --
Current evidence seems to be to the contrary wouldn't you say?!  GIVE IT TO THEM!
That's impossible they can't have the sensory equipment to track it all the way here!
Think fast Sarah.
It has to be temporary something that'll break apart and fall off as the animal grows...
Can you set up?
John Hammond.
Funded by whom?
No!  We're an independently funded expedition.
I'm her father.
Lighten up Ian you sound like a high school vice-principal.
You're going home.  I'm sending a radio call for the boats.  We'll all go down to the lagoon and wait for them.
What do you want to do Ian lock her up for curiosity?  Where do you think she gets it?
You know you were putting yourself in a potentially dangerous situation but you didn't bother to find out how dangerous before you leapt in. You don't have the faintest idea what's going on on this island!
That's a scientific impossibility you know.  Heisenberg uncertainty principle.  Whatever you study you also change.
No more smoking.  We leave no scent of any kind.  No hair tonics no cologne seal all our food in plastic bags.  We will observe and document but we will not interact.
Where's Ian?
Where's Kelly?
WHAT ARE YOU-
I'm trying!
Hold it down Nick!
We'll kill it with too much we'll put it into respiratory arrest!  I'm almost done.  Damn it I need another adhesive something pliable I can --
Give it more morphine!
That little black line means death for this infant.  The fibula won't heal straight so the ankle joint can't pivot when he stands on his hind feet.  The baby won't be able to run and probably can't even walk. It'll be crippled and a predator will pick it off before it gets more than a few weeks old.
That little black line?
Ian nothing we observe will be valid if we're trailing along in the wake of an army.
Ruining everything that's what they're doing.  You could choke on the diesel smoke already!
Ian if we recall the boat now we've made two invasive landings in one day.  That'll have to go in any paper I write and it will leave room for people to say our findings were contaminated.  You know the academic world as well as I do once they smell blood in the water you're dead.  Our presence has got to be one hundred percent antiseptic.  That means if we bend a blade of grass we bend it right back the way it-
The kid scores with cheap sentiment.
-- way we could safely --
I believe in him.
He doesn't need a friend he needs a shrink.
Ian's a very good friend of mine.
Oh please.  How am I supposed to keep a straight face when --  -- Johnny Cash here tells me I'm going to Skull Island?
You think this is all a joke?
Hey I wouldn't want to spook the woolly mammoths.
Very noble of you.  You don't think you're bringing that thing onto the island do you?
Women.  'Bout eighty percent female in Greenpeace.
That must be interesting.  What drew you there?
I was a cameraman for Nightline for six years been freelance since '91. Do a lot of work for Greenpeace.
So what's your story Nick?
Runs against my nature to hole up in a cave and wait.
You've got to be kidding.
Can the kid walk?
You go if you like but we're not waiting for you.  MOVE IT OUT!!
We have to send someone to look for him!
Move where?  Our boat's not coming for two days your airlift is waiting for an order you have no way to send --
If we can't stay in the rex's territory we have to move tonight.
None of that matters.  Our communications equipment's been destroyed.  If your radio and satellite phone were in those trailers that went off the cliff and I'm guessing by the look on his face --
Hey we came here to observe you came here to strip-mine the place! It's a looter mentality all you care about is what you can take.
Theoretically yeah  but we've never shut down the whole system.  It may not come back at all.
- - shutting down the system is the only way to guarantee wiping out everything he did. If I understand correctly all the system will come back on their original start-up modes correct?
I will not do it.  You'll have to get somebody else because I will not.
We're talking my dear about a calculated risk which is the only option left to us.  We will never find the command NEDRY used.  He covered his tracks far too well and I think it's obvious he's not coming back.  So shutting down the system - -
Where did the vehicles stop?
Phones are out too.
The monitors are failing.
Find Nedry!  Check the vending machines!
Fences are failing all over the park!  A few minor systems he said!
Woah woah woah what the hell what the hell?
Well Nedry said a few systems would go off-line didn't he?
The door security systems are shutting down.
It could have been worse John.  It could have been a lot worse.
So how much for our first tour.  Two no-shows and one sick triceratops.
Visitor vehicles are on their way back to the garage.
Rotten luck this storm.  Get my grandchildren on the radio will you?  I don't want them to worry about a wee bit of rain.
I found a way to re-route through the program.  I'm turning the cars around in the rest area loop.
Ladies and gentlemen last shuttle to the dock leaves in approximately five minutes.  Drop what you are doing and leave now.
It's not worth taking the chance John.
You're sure we have to?
That storm center hasn't dissipated or changed course. We're going to have to cut the tour short I'm afraid. Pick it up again tomorrow where we left off.
Stop the program!  Stop the program!
Uh - - Mr. Hammond - -
'Bout thirty seconds.
How long will this take?
No trick to it.  Just stop running the program.  Leaving them unattended.
How would we cut off the lysine?
The lysine contingency - it's intended to prevent the spread of the animals is case they ever got off the island but we could use it now.  Dr. Wu inserted a gene that makes a single faulty enzyme in protein metabolism. Animals can't manufacture the amino acid lysine.  Unless they're continually supplied with lysine by us they'll go into a coma and die.
Yeah again in  theory but - -
But would we get the phones back?
Wait a minute.  What exactly does this mean?
No no no that's crazy you're out of your mind he's absolutely out of his mind - -
Two million - - great.  That would help.  Oh good that'll take no time.
Uh - - about two million.
How many lines of code are there?
I ran a key check on every stroke Nedry entered today. It's all pretty standard stuff until this one - -
Are we getting anywhere with these procedures of yours? I mean what's hanging us up?
I got an eighteen minute window.  Eighteen minutes and your company catches up on ten years of research.
I was wondering how are you planning to beat the security?
That's up to your guy on the boat.  Seven o'clock tomorrow night at the east dock. Make sure he got it right.
Mr Nedry Mr Nedry.  The embryos have to be back here in San Jose by then.
What?  No menthol?
How am I supposed to transport them?
Remember - - viable embryos.  They're no use to us if they don't survive.
Oh I'll get 'em all.
Dodgson Dodgson.  We got Dodgson here!  See nobody cares.  Nice hat. What are you trying to look like a secret agent?
You shouldn't use my name.
Oh you know if it's alright I'd like to stay with Dr. Harding and finish with the trike.  Is that okay?
Doctors if you please - - I have to insist we get moving.
Anybody at all.  Feel free to speak up.
Yours was fully illustrated honey.
Uh - - anybody else think we shouldn't be out here?
Alan?  Where are we going?  You see something?
The question is - - how much can you know about an extinct ecosystem and therefore how could you assume you can control it?  You have plants right here in this building for example that are poisonous.  You picked them because they look pretty but these are aggressive living things that have no idea what century they're living in and will defend themselves.  Violently if necessary.
Please - - let's hear something from the others.  Dr. Grant?  I am sorry - - Dr. Sattler?
Paleo-DNA?  From what source?  Where do you get 100 million year old dinosaur blood?!
I'll catch up with you.  You can go with the others.
Sure.  I've got a gas powered jeep.  I can drop her at the visitor's center before I make the boat with the others.
You won't be able to miss them.  Can't miss them.
There's only one way to be positive.  I need to see some droppings.  I have to see the dinosaur's droppings.
Pretty sure.
Are you sure?
Yes.  We know they're toxic but the animals don't eat them.
That's pharmacological.  From local plant life.
They are?  I'll be damned.
These are dilated.  Take a look.
Yes mitotic pupils should be constricted.
Imbalance disorientation labored breathing.  Seems to happen about every six weeks or so.
Okay I'm following the tubing.  I'm going down a passage way.  How long does this stuff go for?  Could you guys talk a little bit to me?
Good!  Keep going now.  The cable will terminate in a big gray box.
Mr. Arnold?  He's not answering me.  Okay I'm on the grating.
Well because you're a - - I'm a - -
But you know I should  really be the one going .
This is just a delay that's all this is.  All major theme parks have had delays.  When they opened Disneyland in 1956 nothing worked nothing.
Control?!  You never had control!  I was overwhelmed by the power of this place.  So I made a mistake too.  I didn't have enough respect for that power and it's out now.  You're sitting here trying to pick up the pieces. John there's nothing worth picking up.  The only thing that matters now are the people we love.  Alan Lex and Tim.  And John they're out there where people are dying - - people are dying you know?
Once we have control again we - -
John John.  John you're still building onto that Flea Circus that illusion.  And now you're adding onto it by what you're doing here.  That's the illusion.
But you can't think through this one.  You have to feel it.
But with this place I - - I wanted to give  them something real something that wasn't an illusion something they could see and  touch.  An aim devoid of  merit.
They'll all be fine.  Who better to get the children through Jurassic Park than a dinosaur expert?
Malcolm's okay for now.  I gave him a shot of morphine.
We're - - still perfecting a viewing system.  The raptors seem to be a bit resistant to integration into a park setting.
Alan these aren't bones anymore.
Give time they'll out draw the T-rex.  Guarantee it.
Fascinating animals fascinating.
Could I have a tissue please?
There you are.  Out you come.
Come along.  I know my way around a kitchen.  Come along.
I have samples all over the kitchen. 
I'm sorry for the dramatic entrance but I'm in a hurry. Will you have a wee bit of a drink now and then?
Did I say jerk?
I can't get it!  I can't get it unless I move!
Ellie get the gun!  Try to reach the gun!
You can't hold it by yourself!
Ellie - - get back and boot up the door locks!
Yes unless they figured out how to open doors.
It's just the two raptors right?  You're sure the third one's contained?
I'll just finish.  Yeah I want to finish.
Are you sure?
And when she swallows the stones she swallows the poison berries too.  That's what makes her sick.  Good work Tim.
- - and swallows fresh ones.
- - barfs them up - -
- - what happens is that after a while the stones get smooth every six weeks so the animal regurgitates them - -
- - which is called a gizzard and it helps them mash their food but what happens after a while - -
- - a gizzard - -
- - like birds.  What happen is they swallow the stones and hold them in a muscular sack in their stomachs - -
- - like birds - -
- - totally incidental  unrelated to the feeding pattern - -
- - the undigested state of the berries because it's - -
Elm that's it it explains the periodicity the - -
Yeah I know.
Not just every six weeks.
Constantly sick.
Ellie I've been thinking there's something about the periodicity doesn't had up.
It's my favorite.
Oh Ellie.  It's so beautiful.  It's the most beautiful thing I ever saw.
Dilophosaurus.
Can't we see the unfertilized host eggs?!
Wait a minute!  How do you interrupt the cellular mitosis?!?
We're out of a job.
So what are you thinking?
How did you do it?!  How did you do this?!
We were right!
Ellie they're absolutely - - they're moving in herds. They do move in herds!
You've got a T-rex!?  He's got a T-rex!  A T-rex!  He said he's- -
They were wrong.  Case closed.  This thing doesn't live in a swamp to support it's body weight for God's sake!
Ellie we can tear up the rule book on cold-bloodedness. It doesn't apply they're totally wrong!  This is a warm-blooded creature.  They're totally wrong.
The - - agility.  You're right!
The movement!
What kind of park is it?
Why would they care what we think?
Small versions of adults honey.
And what are those?
Uh this is our paleobotanist Dr Ellie.....
Okay who's the jerk?
It frustrates me so much that I love you that I need to strangle you right now!
Yeah plenty.  Some of them can't walk!
Anything else you old fossil?
The Cretaceous.
They know very little about the Jurassic Period they know less about the Cretaceous.
Alright the one on the airplane had an accident but usually babies don't smell.
They do smell.  Some of them smell.. babies smell.
Oh my god they do not!  They don't smell.
They smell.
Cheap cheap cheap.
Oh Ellie look.  They're noisy they're messy they're sticky they're expensive.
Well not one of those well yeah a possibly one at some point could be a good thing.  What's so wrong with kids?
Yeah I know you know...kids.  You want to have one of those?
You know if you really wanted to scare the kid you could've just pulled a gun on him.
Yes.  Good shape too.  Five six feet high.  I'm guessing nine feet long.  Look at the - -
Postmortem contraction of the posterior neck ligaments.  Velociraptor?
That's good.  That's right!  They died around a dried-up puddle!  Without fighting each other.  This is looking good.
A drought.  The lake was shrinking - -
If they died together they lived together. Suggests some kind of social order.
The taphonomy sure looks that way.
They died together?
Four complete skeletons. . . . such a small area. . . the same time horizon - -
Like hell it is!
It's all right.
Because we're being hunted.  From the bushes straight ahead.
No. We can't.
I can see the shed from here!  We can make it if we run!
C'mon on this way.
The shutdown must have turned off all the fences. Goddamn it! Even Nedry knew better than to mess with the raptor fence.
Oh my God.  Aw God.
Stick to my heels.
Okay I'm on channel two.
We'll discuss sexism in survival situations when I get back.  You just take me through this step by step.  I'm on channel two.
Come on let's go.
I'm going with you.
You can't just stroll down the road you know.
I can't wait anymore.  Something went wrong.  I'm going to go get the power back on.
What's that?
What about the lysine contingency?  We could put that into effect!
They're not here.
I don't know.
Do you see anything?
The other car!
Ellie com one!!
That's right.  But they never attack the same place twice.  They were testing the fences for weaknesses. Systematically.  They remembered.
The fences are electrified right?
They show extreme intelligence even problem solving. Especially the big one.  We bred eight originally but when she came in she took over the pride and killed all but two of the others.  That one - -when she looks at you you can see she's thinking  working things out.  She's the reason we have to feed 'em like this. She had them all attacking the fences when the feeders came.
Yes.  It's not a criticism by the way.
- - shut up.
That'll - it'd be a first; man and dinosaur all die together.  John's plan. 
Seven days?!  Seven days?!  Oh great.  Oh good - - clever.
Must go faster go go.  Open it up 5th gear 5th gear! Here it comes!  Stand on it!  Fifth - stand on it 5th gear go!
Faster!  Shit shit shit faster!
Must go faster it's getting closer - must go faster!
Faster faster!
Please - - chance it.
Can we chance moving him?
Dino droppings?
No one could have predicted Dr. Grant would suddenly jump out of a moving vehicle!
And even if we haven't seen it yet I'm quite sure it's going on in this park right now.
Unpredictability....
Microscopic - - never repeat and vastly affect the outcome.  That's what?
Oh imperfections?
- - on your hand the amount of blood distending in your vessels imperfections in the skin - -
Alan listen to this.
It changed.  Why?  Okay back over your wrist.  Because and here is the principle of tiny variations - - the orientations of the hairs - -
Uh - - thumb!  The same way.
It simply deals with unpredictability in complex systems.  It's only principle is the Butterfly Effect. A butterfly can flap its wings in Peking and in Central Park you get rain instead of sunshine.
I'm still not clear on Chaos.
You see?  The tyrannosaur doesn't obey set patterns or park schedules.  It's the essence of Chaos.
Dinosaur eats man.  Woman inherits the Earth.
God creates dinosaurs.  God destroys dinosaurs.  God creates man.  Man destroys God.  Man creates dinosaurs.
Anti-nature.
It's anti-nature.
When people try to control things that it's out of their power - -
I know it's very exciting.
I get ah - -
That's right.  Will break through.
No?  Non-linear equations?  Strange attractions?  Dr. Sattler I refuse to believe that you are not familiar with the concept of attraction!
Because he's like me.  He's a digger.
Grant?  You'll never get him out of Montana.
If two experts sign off on the island the insurance guys'll back off.  I already got Ian Malcolm but they think he's too trendy.  They want Alan Grant.
Juanito if they pull the funding that will really slow things down.  If they pull the funding that's going to slow things down around here.
Hammond hates inspections.  They slow everything down.
I understand that.  I'm sorry to hear that. We'd be well advised to deal with this situation now.  The insurance company - -
He had to leave early to be with his daughter.  She's getting a divorce.
You're telling me that we're facing a $20 million lawsuit from the family of that injured worker and Hammond couldn't even be bothered to see me?
He sends his apologies.
What's this I hear at the airport Hammond's not even here?
Hola bienvenido
Hola Juanito
Then they're expensive.  Put them back.
Are they heavy?
In a box under my seat.
Hey!  Where did you find those things?
People were gettin' bloody noses - - things on your head - - aneurisms - -
I can't believe we invited Ian Malcolm.
Up and down up and down!
Dilophosaurus.
What are we looking for?
I can't see.
Brakes?  No.  No brakes.  They're electric cars guided by this track in the roadway and totally non-polluting top of the line!
Hey!  Where are the brakes?
Have a heart gentlemen.  Their parents are getting a divorce and they need the diversion.
I don't believe it.  I expected you to come down here and defend me from these characters and the only one I've got on my side it the bloodsucking lawyer!?
I've never been a rich man.  I hear it's nice.  Is it nice?
That's conservative of course.  There's no reason to speculate wildly.
- - from combined revenue streams for all three parks should reach eight to nine billion dollars a year - -
Sure they will they will.  We'll have a - - coupon day or something.
Donald this park was not built to carter only to the super rich.  Everyone in the world's got a right to enjoy these animals.
And we can charge anything we want!  Two thousand a day ten thousand a day - - people will pay it!  And then there's the merchandising - -
Relax Donald relax.  They're scientists.  They ought to be curious.
John we - - what I'm just saying....
No we don't have any animatronics here.  These are the real miracle workers of Jurassic Park.
This is overwhelming John.  Are these characters  animatronics?
Forty-eight hours from now I'll be accepting your apologies.  Now get out of the way.  So I can see them!
Let's get something straight John.  This is not a weekend excursion this is a serious investigation of the stability of the island.  Your investors whom I represent are deeply concerned.  Forty-eight hours from now if they - -  - -aren't convinced.  I'm not convinced.  And I can shut you down John.
And the concrete moats and the motion sensor tracking systems.  Donald dear boy do try to relax and enjoy yourself.
The full fifty mile of perimeter fence are in place?
Tim I'm right here.  Easy catch.  Easy catch.  Count to Three..
Are you crazy?  What if you miss?  I hate it up here.
Tim you're going to have to let go of the fence.  Tim! Get down right now.  Get off the fence!  Now!
You're crazy!  I'm not gonna jump!
Go go go jump!
Tim you're gonna have to let go.  I'm going to count to three.
I can't!  I'm scared!
It's a bit of a climb.  You guys think you can make it?
Amphibian DNA.
But - - my grandpa said all the dinosaurs were girls.
You know what this is?  It's a dinosaur egg.  The dinosaurs are breeding.
This is a seventy-seven ton animal.  Come on over Lex! Just think of it as a big cow.  Look at it's teeth?  Come here girl.  This is a seventy-seven ton animal. Just think of it as a big cow!
It's good protein.  Come on Lex.  Why don't you touch it?  Look at his nose.
Come on try some.  Take a bite.
It's so strong!  Look at its nose.  Need help?
Take a bite take a bite.  I'm not letting go.
A Do-you-think-he-saurus Rex.
You got me.
A Do-you-think-he-saurus. What do you call a blind dinosaur's dog?
I don't know.  What do you call a blind dinosaur?
What do you call a blind dinosaur?
Could you guys possibly cool that for a - -
Straight-A brainiac!
Maybe -- it's hard to say.
I doubt it.
You'll probably be safe enough  on your own --
That's a good idea.
'Course you could just wait in there while we go back and get help.
What if the car falls?  What if the wheels fall?
So am I going to help you with your foot?
This is impossible.  How am I going...I can't make it. This is...it's about fifty feet.
Me too.  Okay.  Well the main thing about climbing is never never look down never.
It's just like coming out of a tree house.  Did your dad ever build you a tree house Tim eh?
Okay that's not so bad ah Tim?
That's okay.  Listen give me your hand.
I threw up.
Tim I'll come back for you.  I'll get Lex out first.
I'm stuck.  The seat's got my feet!
Tim are you okay?
Are you okay?  Can you move?  Tim!  Are you okay?
Triceratops was a constant browser and constant browsers would be constantly sick.
These look kind of familiar.
And his book was a lot fatter than yours.
Whichever one you are.
Tim.  Which car were you planning on - -
Listen ahh - -
Because they sure don't look like birds to me.  I heard a meteor hit the earth and made like this one hundred mile crater someplace down in Mexico - -
Oh yeah - - great.
I read your book.
There's gotta be something - -
What?  What can we do?
We gotta do something.
Relatively.
You're sure?!
Keep absolutely still - - it's vision's based on movement!
When you gotta go you gotta go.
Where does he think he's going?
I didn't say you were scared.
I didn't say I was scared.
What's to be scared about?  It's just a little hiccup in the power.
Kids get scared.
Well I didn't ask.  Why wouldn't they be?
The kids okay?
Their radio's out too.  Gennaro said to stay put.
You want to talk about this?
Yeah they hate me.
Machines hate you?
I must've touched something.  This happens all the time. It must be my fault.  Machines hate me.
You haven't touched  didn't touch anything.  We're stopping.  We've stopped.
What'd I touch?!
Why?  Oh I'm sorry.  Are you two uh - - are?  I wish you the best luck.
By the way Dr. Sattler - she's not like uh available is she? - -
Occasionally.  Always on the lookout for the future ex- Mrs. Malcolm.
You're married?
Me?  Oh hell yes.  Three.  I love 'em.  I love kids.  Anything at all can and does happen.
You got any kids?
to Ellie) You will remember to wash your hands before you eat anything?
You have no idea.
to Grant) She's uh - - tenacious.
Not without massive sequence gaps!
Cloning from What?!  Loy extraction has never recreated an intact DNA strand!
So you two dig up dinosaurs?
After careful consideration Dr. Grant - - so have I.
Mr. Hammond I've decided not to endorse your Park.
You four are going to have a little company out in the park.  Spend a little time with our target audience. Maybe they'll help you get the spirit of this place.
Ah - - they're here.
Do they show intelligence?  With the brain cavity like theirs we assumed - -
Yes yes yes which is why we take extreme precautions. They viewing area below us will have eight-inch tempered glass set in reinforced steel frames to - -
Alan Grant.  Tell me what kind of metabolism do they have?  What's their growth rate?  rate of growth.
Robert.  Robert Muldoon my game warden from Kenya.  Bit of an alarmist I'm afraid But he's dealt with the raptors more than anyone.
Blood temperature feels like high eighties.
Let's get outta here!
Sorry!  It's kind of a ride!
Can't you stop these things?!
We clocked the T-rex at thirty-two miles an hour.
- - and you're going to sit there and try to tell me it can push blood up a thirty-foot neck without a four-chambered heart and get around like that?!  Like that!?  This is like a knockout punch for warm-bloodedness.
The brachiosaur?  Thirty.
That thing's got a what twenty-five twenty-seven foot neck?
For a further three years.
- - this would be an awfully unusual time - -
I could compensate you by fully funding your dig
No I'm sorry that  wouldn't be possible.  We've just discovered a new skeleton and - -
Well it's - - right up your alley.  Look why don't you both  come on down for the weekend.  Love to have the opinion of a paleobotoanist as well.  I've got a jet standing by at Choteau. 
Not to put a fine point on it your kind.  Let's face it in your particular field you're the top minds.  If I could just get you two to sign off on the park - - you know give a wee testimonial - - I could get back on schedule - -  - -schedule.
What kind of opinions?
Well I'm afraid I do.  There's one a particular pebble in my shoe.  He represents my investors.  He says they insist on outside opinions.
I uh don't really know any.  We - -
Not just kids - - for everyone.  We're going to open next year.  Unless the lawyers kill me first.  I don't care for lawyers.  You?
John Hammond.  And I am delighted to finally meet you in person Dr Grant.
And who in God's name do you think you are....?
For today I guarantee it.
Hey we were saving that!
Phone security systems everything works.  You ask for it we got it!
What works?
I am gonna have to find the others and get you to a doctor.  Will you look after Tim Lex?
I'm coming up there Tim! I'm coming to get you!  Lex I've got to get him!
Timmy listen to Dr. Grant!
It's am easy catch you let - - go - - you do the counting you count it Tim.  One two three -- you do all the counting okay?
You're gonna get electrocuted  electrified!
Shhhh.  Tim I'm right here below you.  Easy catch. One two three.  You count it yourself.  One two three - -
Timmy!  Do as he says!  Timmy!  Do as Dr. Grant says quick!
Timmy let go!  You're gonna have to let go!  Count to three.  I'll catch you.
Do as he says!  The power's coming back Timmy!
Timmy!  The power is coming down quick!
C'mon Tim move down damn it!
Okay.  Keep low.  Follow me.
Bet you'll never look at birds the same way again!
Watch how it eats!
Well on the tour - - the film said they used frog DNA to fill in the gene sequence gaps.  They mutated the dinosaur's genetic code and blended it with that of frogs.  Now some West African frogs have been known to spontaneously change sex from male to female in a single sex environment.  Malcolm was right!  Look life found a way!
What's that?
You're a beautiful big animal.
I like cows.
It's okay!  It's okay!  It's a brachiosaur!
I'll stay awake.
What if the dinosaur comes back while we're all asleep?
I guess we'll just have to evolve too.
What are you gonna do now if you don't have to dig of dinosaur bones any more?
They're just doing what they do.  Well the other kind - -  - - just do what they do.
Oh I hate the other kind.
Tim Tim Tim....
No I didn't hear anything.  No we're okay.
Hear that?  Are you hearing this?
Go  that's the way we're going to go.  What do you say?
I'm trying to use psychology to get you out of the drain you know!
Liar!  You said you wouldn't leave!
That's not what I'm going to do.  Good!
He left us!  He left us!
Shhh - - I'm right here Lex.  I'm going to look after you.  I'm going to help your brother.  I want you to stay here and wait for me okay?
Dad - - Dad - -
Let's get you out.
He's knocked out!  He's knocked out!  Dr. Grant!  Dr. Grant!  Daddy daddy!
Dr. Grant!  Dr. Grant!
That will teach you to trust Grandpa.
I think perhaps I'll just sit down.  I don't suppose you think all that much of me now do you?
There's nothing that great about discovery.  What's so great about discovery?  It's a violent penetrative act that scars what it explores.  What you call discovery I call the rape of the natural world!
I don't understand this Luddite attitude especially from a scientist.  How could we stand in the light of discovery and not act?
Hold on - - this is no species that was obliterated by deforestation or the building of a dam.  Dinosaurs had their shot.  Nature selected them for extinction.
But this is nature!  Why not give an extinct species a second chance?!  I mean Condors. Condors are on the verge of extinction - - if I'd created a flock of them on the island you wouldn't be saying any of this!  have anything to say at all!
Your scientists were so preoccupied with whether or not they could that they didn't stop to think if they should.  Science can create pesticides but it can't tell us not to use them.  Science can make a nuclear reactor but it can't tell us not to build it!
You don't give us our due credit.  Our scientists have done things no one could ever do before.
Don't you see the danger John inherent in what you're doing here?  Genetic power is the most awesome force ever seen on this planet.  But you wield it like a kid who's found his dad's gun.
Alright Donald alright but just let him talk.  I want to hear all viewpoints.  I truly do.  I truly am.
John the kind of control you're attempting is not possible.  If there's one thing the history of evolution has taught us it's that life will not be contained. Life breaks free.  It expands to new territories.  It crashes through barriers.  Painfully maybe even.. dangerously but and...well there it is.
Your silence intrigues me.
Dr. Grant Dr. Sattler -- you've heard of Chaos Theory?
Don't do that!
A load if I may say so. of fashionable number crunching thats all it is!
I certainly have!  Very clearly!  Because of the behavior of the system in phase space!
Codswollop!  Ian you've never come close to explaining these concerns of yours about this island!
John doesn't subscribe to Chaos particularly what it has to say about his little science project!
Chaotician actually!  Chaotician!
You'll have to get use to Dr. Malcolm!  He suffers from a deplorable excess of personality especially for a mathematician!
Thanks Dad.
I don't blame people for their mistakes but I do ask that they pay for them.
I don't think there's been any debate.  There's no debate...my mistakes....
I will not get drawn into another financial conversation with you Dennis.  I really will not.
You're right John.  You're absolutely right. Everything's my problem.
I'm sorry about your financial problems.  I really am. But they are your problems.
I am totally unappreciated in my time.  We can run the whole park from this room with minimal staff for up to three days.  You think that kind of automation is easy? Or cheap? You know anybody who can network eight Connection Machines and de-bug two million lines of code for what I bid this job?  Because I'd sure as hell like to see them try.
Robert - - I wonder if perhaps you would be kind  good enough to take a gas jeep and bring back my grandchildren.
There's no sign of him anywhere.
Thanks Steve.
Tell them when they get back to the cars.
Sustain winds 45 knots.
Ray start the tour program.
I'll keep an eye on it.  Maybe it'll swing south like the last one.
Why didn't I build in Orlando?
Shut up!  You're scaring me.  Stop!  You're scaring me.
You're gonna get electrocuted  electrified!  The power's coming back!
I'm afraid I am gonna fall!
Jump Timmy!  It's too late!
That was great!
That's not funny.
Hey Lex you forgot to say gazundheit.
Hey Lex ahhhchooo!  Hey Lex com here.
That's what I said!  You're a nerd!  They don't call you people hackers anymore - - they call you people nerds!
I'm a hacker!
That means they only eat vegetables.  But for you I think they'd make an exception.
They're not monsters Lex. They're just animals.  And these are herbivores.
No no sh sh sh - - stop!  Stop! Stop!  Don't let the monsters come over here!
Yeah you weren't in that last one.
They don't bother me.
I hate trees!
What if we fall?  I hate trees.
Why are we hurrying if there's nothing wrong?
I don't know!  I'm sorry!
Why did you do this?
I don't know I don't know.  I'm sorry - -
Turn it off Lex!  Turn it off!
I'm sorry - - I'm sorry - -
What's going to happen to the goat?  He's going to eat the goat?!
We love the presents.
Thanks for the presents.
We miss you.
Well as long as I admire it from afar it shouldn't worry me if it's hollow.
A glorified office block.  They keep all the old records there -- the final resting place for facts and figures that have ceased to matter in the world of the living.
What is it really?
It's only majestic from here. When you get closer you see it for what it really is.
Where do you live?
You have been hearing the sordid side then.
You work in the insurance department?
Even the so-called New Town isn't so new.  Only the people.  People of the future living in buildings of the past.  Has anyone seen Eduard?
-- I'm hoping to live in the Old Quarter.
What was the matter with it?
Fine -- terrible.
No no no -- quite a long time yes.
Have you worked here long?
Yes -- we do.
You look like brothers.
Yes -- that's us.
My assistants I presume.
Perhaps Eduard was closer than he knew to discovering it and so had to be silenced.
Yours is a very powerful and important firm -- it has a lot at stake.
-- Ah but what if it <u>wasn't</u>?
The formality of a trial would be too costly for them.  They're beginning to understand that it's the ensuing news of our actions that incites support.
-- Merely in the interests of order.
You were his friend.  One link is all they need.
Preliminary investigations may already be underway.
You could say we represent the <u>un</u>official view of a well-ordered society.
Heralds of a new age -- does that sound immodest?
Not necessarily.  A <u>wife</u> would.
A true friend would do it.
Then its authority is in doubt.
It's my last and final one.
What an extraordinary request!
If I don't see you later -- go to my house and find my notebooks -- and destroy them.  All my manuscripts -- just burn them. Please.
Another one?
Will you do me a favor then?
-- You appreciate my writing.
Not a chance.  I'm the thinnest person I know.
The Castle gates were blockaded in the time of the great plague -- it's an escape route.  Don't get stuck.
A cenotaph -- a monument to someone whose remains ended up elsewhere. But look --
An empty tomb?
I was restoring some stones here in the upper section one day -- and I found this.
In a manner of speaking.
The cemetery is nearer the Castle than anywhere else -- wasn't it part of the Castle originally?  -- I always assumed there'd be a gate or something.  Isn't there?
What made you think <u>I'd</u> be able to get you into the Castle?
I'm trying to find things out myself -- that's the whole point.
There is <u>one</u> thing I'd like you to tell me.
-- Oh yes determination runs in the family.
The Kafka men are famous for it you know.  Delivering meat barefoot in the depths of winter picking up sacks of flour with their teeth --
-- I'm flattered of course to be considered a friend -- even without knowing all the details.  -- To see such determination is reward enough for me.
The <u>Castle</u> cemetery.
A man must eat --  And drink.
You work in the cemetery.
No -- not even success.  My writing is not for making a living -- it's for living.  Not for other people it's for me.
Success or nothing?
That would be even worse -- it would be a compromise.
Why do you work in that hideous insurance office?  -- dealing with people who fall off ladders.  Now take me -- I make my living as a stone mason.  It's not my art -- but it's the <u>tools</u> of my art.  You could be -- a journalist.
I haven't got the energy.  I mean I have to conserve my energy.
Where do you get your ideas?  Only joking -- I'm just joking.  Let's go to a brothel then Kafka come on.
Naturally? -- that's not the word I would have chosen.
These strange stories you write -- they come naturally do they?
-- In what sense?
Gabriela was right -- it's easier for me to understand suicide. I'm a practicing suicide.
The needles inscribing the judgement into the flesh of the man.  Very good.
I read the one about the penal colony.
-- In magazines nobody reads.
Just what you've published.
I don't know what you could have read.
I've read your stories.  They're fantastic.
Are you looking for Gabriela Rossmann?
I'll commit that to memory.
When I deliver a message the very act of delivering it you might say gives it an official stamp and only in this way are both the sender and the receiver satisfied that it was delivered at all.
Your credibility -- yes it's well known.
But <u>I'm</u> the messenger.  An error like this damages my credibility.
Burgel I thought it would be easier as long as I was passing --
In an organization as efficient as ours if a document once in a great while gets lost it might never be found at all.
Who's to say he ever will?  He's a timid old man and quite careful not to tread on anyone's toes -- In fact I'm the only one he trusts and he wouldn't even look at a document if it didn't first come through me.
He has it he just hasn't noticed it yet all right?
He's usually in the storage room sorting things out.  He can't close the file on a case until he has the concluding report.
I've never seen him.  I don't believe there is a keeper of the files.
Did you see him?
No I left it in his office.
You didn't give it to <u>me</u>.
I gave it to him yesterday.
The keeper of the files is still waiting for your final summation of the Erlanger claim.
And you're late!
You're detestable.
It's what I'm paid to do.
You're just doing your job.
It's my place to offer advice not yours -- and by advising the Chief Clerk of your unpunctuality it's certainly not my situation that's compromised if that's what you're implying.
Not today Burgel.  Send one of your memos write up one of your communiques but for God's sake don't bother me today.
Oh don't they?  I think you underestimate my station in this office and overrate your own.
Say what you like -- no one pays the least attention.
Good morning --  Or should I say good afternoon?
Sorry yes -- well -- thank you sir.
The <u>Orlac</u> claim.
I see -- it's just the Erlanger claim then.
No there's only one report to complete.  I'll be doing it myself and submitting it to the Castle today or tomorrow.
No -- I just -- I feel a sense of obligation.  He was my friend -- if I can be of any help -- closing his affairs.
Was there something else?
I wonder if I might look to see if there's an address for family -- I thought I'd like to write to them.
Excuse me sir -- I understand you have Eduard Raban's file.
You might find a more athletic hobby -- put some color in your cheeks.
In a small way.
I understand you fancy yourself an author.
-- Yes -- Raban -- but he was too much like you -- even more so perhaps.  He wasn't here as long as you so I didn't know him as well -- but I could see the influence he was having.  I simply want you to be aware of this because you'll be happier for it.
-- Eduard --
Oh I know you got along with that poor fellow -- what was his name?
Attitude Kafka.  It doesn't matter how well you do your work -- you still see it as something to be gotten on with rather than something to take an active interest in.
Have you never wondered -- and I mention this only in passing --  why other clerks have advanced to more responsible positions while you who have been here longer have not?
I did not realize it was obligatory.
It's not healthy Kafka -- not for you and not for your workmates.  At the annual dinner this month you again failed to make an appearance.
I usually take lunch by the River.
You must make the time.  Where do you go off to in the lunch hour?
To do my work well I have little time for --
You keep too much to yourself -- you're a lone wolf.  It makes me uneasy and if it makes me uneasy I can't imagine the impression you make on lesser employees.
... My ... social situation?
You've been with the firm for nearly nine years.  You've done your work diligently there are no complaints on that score.  But there's more to the job than the work -- there are other people to consider -- and frankly Kafka we eel your social situation could bear improving.
Sit down Kafka.
You wanted to see me sir.
I do.  Always.  You understand the world better than any of us Kafka.  And what it's becoming.  I've always held you in the highest regard.
-- Listen to me --
I know better than you what people will say when they have to.  When they brought me in for questioning I informed on my friends the very first day.
No -- not this time.
I think you've just escaped for the moment.  Just as I did.  As Eduard did.  As they let us do. But only for the moment.
Why should I believe a man who never believed me?  They're absolutely right you know -- guilt should never be doubted. It's easier that way.
I told you they're <u>dead</u>.  It's finished.
I know there is.  And you're what I have to bargain with. For now you're the last one in their way.
There's a new potion -- he said it was perfected.
I know how they reward failure. If they saw this I'd be rotting in the quarries by the afternoon -- with all the others.
They're dead now.  We can get help.
This is the result of their elixir of youth.  They were to come and check on it during the night.  I contrived to miss the appointment.
I -- I found your jailer.
Only two steps back?  Even the man they left to guard me retreated further than that.
Should I tell you why I joined our late lamented nihilists? Why I became a murderer? Because murder ... is bliss.  It's easier than you might think to absorb and assimilate Evil -- once you've adopted its procedure.
Gabriela ...?
Over?  It's only over when you can crawl to a clean little spot on earth where the sun sometimes shines and you can warm yourself a bit.
-- I've just come from the Castle.  It's over.
I knew you walked this way to work.  I wanted to find you before they did.
Gabriela! -- you did get away.
Now Burgel's one of the authorities?
What seems important to these people is not determined by the amount of work it entails -- you're far from understanding the authorities if you believe that.
First these nameless authorities were the root of all evil now it's insignificant Burgel.  If indeed there was a mistake -- and a minor one at that -- you're suggesting someone went to a lot of trouble over something so trivial as to not matter at all.
Or what if there really <u>was</u> an error? -- I don't know what kind -- any kind that needed correcting -- and what if Burgel was responsible for it?  One mistake -- even a small one in a firm like ours -- it could cost him a promotion.
And Burgel is the bringer of messages isn't he?
I've heard of it happening.
How often does one of our clerks have business in the house of records?
Now you're saying Eduard was lured there?
Of course he is -- the Castle precincts are not the safest part of the city after dark.  People disappear up there regularly.   If you want to lie in wait for someone that's the place to do it.
He's jealous yes but <u>that</u> jealous?  He's too cautious.
He used to like me -- very much more than I liked him.
Burgel doesn't like anybody!
Burgel hated Eduard.  And me.  I'm sure he knew about us -- and I'm sure it drove him mad.
That street down there -- I always used to call it the approach road for suicides.  It leads straight down to the bridge and the River.
It's still easier for you to understand suicide isn't it.
Now you've fallen into his trap. When he goes to bed at night Burgel dreams of inspiring as much fear in others as they inspire in him.
You might think -- I thought so myself at first -- that Burgel's too insignificant to be dangerous. But that's the very reason to beware! It's the small men to watch out for -- the ones who substitute method for character.
I wouldn't put it past him.
You don't believe that.
Of course it could -- Burgel's been trying to get me thrown out as long as I can remember.  <u>He</u> could've killed Eduard.
It couldn't be for that incident with Burgel the other day.
They're not obliged to tell.
Why were you given notice?
Burgel! -- I didn't leave it with him.
Burgel gave me this -- what does it mean?
I'm collecting Eduard's things. If there's anything you want take it or I'll give it to charity.
At the cost of others?  You accuse people of murder without trial -- apparently without irony.  Did you go to the Castle with Eduard?  Then you have no idea what really might have happened that night at all -- even before or after he got there.
My only concern is the human tribunal.  Isn't it yours?
You think what we're doing is so wrong?  And what are you doing? Pursuing goodness?  For what?  To answer to some supreme tribunal?
People must think the same of me -- a quiet dependable person.
When you only see someone sitting at a desk all day it's liable to create a false impression.
I have no right to be I know.  My experience with real life  is practically nil.
You're shocked at the thought of Eduard tossing a bomb through a window.
He was murdered.
And you still maintain -- what? That he was murdered.
He was summoned to help correct a minor discrepancy of some sort in the Medical Records Division. Apparently one of his claims was relevant.
What of it?
The day he died Eduard was called up to the Castle.  Did you know that?
You strike me as a man with a defined notion of injustice -- a high concern for the lot of your fellow men.  And yet you're able to remain an outsider.  With the concomitant air of ... superiority?
I've hardly published enough for anyone to draw conclusions from.
I nominated you as a possible candidate.  You were Eduard's good friend.  He read me some of your work.
They're ubiquitous.  What we try to do ... is make them a little less so.
You won't have any trouble finding it.
-- I don't know the Musil district.
I'm suspicious of men who want to marry.  I believe they think it's the only thing that will make them equal to their fathers.
And you ...?
Eduard wanted to marry me.
Last year.  I -- it was broken off.
You almost married recently didn't you?
... All right.
There are some people I'd like you to meet.  Can you come to the Musil district at eight o'clock?
Are you free tonight?
-- What could he have done to warrant that?
The very fact that they're authorities should give you reason. People will do anything to protect their own interests.  For all you know he was killed at the <u>hands</u> of the police.
When I have no reason to doubt.
And you believe everything the authorities tell you.
He wasn't robbed.  He was identified by his wallet.
Do you think people in the New Town care what happens over here?  This will always be the ghetto.
The police would know the difference wouldn't they?
Eduard didn't see it as something that needed bearing.
No I don't.  I'm amazed that anyone is able to bear life with any assurance at all.
Two or three months that's all.  -- I seduced him.
How long were you and Eduard --
As long as it's on their terms. If your work and your private life don't correspond to their specifications you're labelled a dangerous agitator -- with no recourse whatsoever.
This morning it was suggested to me that my own sense of office fellowship could bear improving.
What's funny?
It's not that we wanted to deceive anyone -- but you know how these things are looked upon at the office.
That he was -- satisfied in that regard.  I didn't want to pry.
I suspected that he -- well.
He would have.  You were his best friend.  A better friend than me.
I was having an affair with Eduard.  He didn't tell you?
Well -- nice to know life exists outside the office.
Have you looked?
I've never seen you here before.
Hello again.
Excuse me I have to copy this for Central Docketing by 2:30.
I'm sorry but I just wondered --
One of you must be mistaken.
Oh -- well I thought he once mentioned --
Why would you suppose so?
You're a friend of Eduard Raban's.
I'm Kafka -- I work upstairs in Accident --
That the police may have allegiance to something other than truth.
What did she say?
Maybe it's true then what she said.
She's missing.  I went to her house and she hadn't returned there.
That's been noted.  But where does it lead us?  Unless you have something more to add.
You told me to contact you if anything relevant came up -- Gabriela is relevant.  When I spoke to you before I didn't know she'd been seeing Eduard.
If someone was waiting here in the hallway to spirit her away wouldn't they have shut the door as quietly as possible?
That's not what I call conclusive evidence of an abduction.
But that's just my point -- she was more than upset she was livid. She slammed every door on her way downstairs -- except that one.  I was just behind her and I didn't even hear that one <u>shut</u> -- not at all.
-- Should you happen upon anything that might be relevant.
I'll bear that in mind.
Anyway I'd like you to reflect that in me you have -- I won't say a friend because we're complete fencers of course -- from distinctly incompatible social classes -- but to some extent shall we say an interested third party.
Probably not.
... Just a perception.
What makes you think so?
He wasn't a lonely man though.
We know that.
I don't think he really had any. He had no family either.
His landlady knew of no other friends to refer us to.
Can I ask -- how you found me?
He might have had a drink or two despite what you think.
No I suppose not.
Grown men don't normally fall into the river do they?
No.  He didn't seem to be.  Do you think he drowned himself?
Was he depressed?
I don't know.
He was found in the River.  Could he swim?
Yes.  Since he came to the office almost three years ago we've been quite good friends.  How was Eduard ...
Would you describe your relationship with the dead man as close?
Well -- other departments are yes.
Engaged in the manufacture and distribution of ... pills and so forth.
Eight -- and seven months.
Where you've been employed for seven years.
-- Accident and Compensation Association.
Your office is the Workmen's --
No we said goodbye outside the building.  He went off as usual toward his house.
Did you go anywhere afterwards -- to have a drink perhaps?
Wednesday.  We left the office together.
When was the last time you saw Mr. Raban?
Yes.  Yes of course -- why wouldn't it be?
Kafka -- is that your real name?
It's all right to be sarcastic in private to us -- because we have a sense of humor -- but when we're up at the Castle we suggest you don't make a fuss.  It would spoil the not unfavorable impression you make in other respects.
My assistants.  I should have known. Nothing is given to me.  I have to acquire everything.
Close only by virtue of antithesis.
Still we're probably closer to you at the moment than any of your fellow human beings.
It's a farce.
-- Just doing our job.
For all your incompetence I was beginning to think you were at least loyal to me.  You're very good ham actors.
-- You should meet my father.
I can't make a simple statement without him taking issue with it
What's the matter with you?
You mean you've actually begun some?
-- I was just trying to finish some work!
You mean because it's been a while since there was a sunny day?  What a good detective you are.
I didn't realize you'd been here that long.
We saw her naked once -- didn't we.
The loyal civil servant.  I suppose you'll deny that shortchanging the workers to whom compensation is due is standard company policy.
Oh Burgel!  Gabriela was having an affair with Eduard.  They were both members of <u>this group</u>.  If any crime's been discovered and people are paying for it I'd look to <u>yourselves</u>!
-- Gabriela on the other hand had made an enemy of this man Burgel.
Then why haven't I been --
Why are you so aggressively unimaginative?  Eduard is no longer the only casualty.
When a scapegoat is needed my friend ...
-- You said so yourself the firm is large and powerful.  If the discrepancy really was something big Eduard's responsibility would still have to be small.  No poor young <u>clerk</u> could find himself in such a fix.
-- Oh yes it's mad.
That's <u>mad</u>.
That's obvious isn't it?  We have an opening for a new member.
... Why take me into your confidence?
As a matter of fact you've caught us in a state of considerable excitement.  Our latest preparation we believe -- we pray -- is perfected. It should take years off her.
What have you done with Gabriela Rossmann?
-- And the new patients they bring me aren't usually as dexterous as you've been in evading us.  Not perfect specimens by any means but not the type of person who'll be missed either.
On the contrary it matters a great deal.  We're engaged in immensely important research here.  I'm a revolutionary too you know -- but a much more pragmatic one.
The fact that it's live bodies you practice your trade on doesn't seem to matter to you.
Lying in the gutter where they belong.
May I ask where your two warders are?
Yes well -- we're looking for a new village now.  If we stay too long at one source ... people become suspicious.
And I suppose Dr. Murnau didn't die in a cave-in.  You killed him to free the Position of Orlac Medical Officer for your own ends.
I had the grandest of financial plots in mind the most malevolent of personal motives conspiracy theories extending to every ... authority I could see.  And I find you.  A body snatcher.
I believe we've exceeded his expectations.
-- If an obscure official up there in the distant mountains so far away from civilizing influences happens to meet with an unfortunate accident -- and should he tragically die in spite of the District Medical Officer's strenuous efforts to save him -- the firm wants to see the next of kin pacified and the disposition of the remains handled with the greatest possible ... efficiency.
It only amuses me in that it gives me an insight into the ludicrous bungling that in some circumstances may decide the life of a human being.
-- You seem amused.
You see Kafka in all cases relating to the factory at Orlac -- which is what this paper referred to -- the authority that puts in a request and the authority that grants it is to all intents and purposes the same authority.
... A piece of paper ...
Through a very unfortunate -- and I might add extremely rare -- mishap a document intended for the one department was sent to the other.  And for the first time -- though your friend wasn't aware of it -- two and two could have been put together to make one.
A mere slip.  Your friend Mr. Raban dealt only with claims that came <u>in</u> another department being responsible for compensation that goes out -- this is correct?
... A piece of paper ...
It so happens my dear simple sir that the Head of Medical Records at the Castle <u>is</u> one of the Directors of this firm.
I could always apply there.
We're a medical firm aren't we? They go to the Medical Records Section.
Where do our records go to in the Castle?
You do not summon them -- they summon you -- and this of course hardly ever happens if at all. The Directors are an eccentric lot and by nature cautious.
What if I petitioned one of the Directors?
These laws have been with us for centuries -- how can you doubt them?
What good are records if they're not open for public inspection?
Of course not.  Only by a Director of the firm.  Who'd want to let in all kinds of riff-raff off the streets?
Once a file's been sent to the Caste is it possible to recall it for review?
Is your friend's name among them?  Then he only worked on the one case.  Your Chief will send me the final summation when he's finished with it.
This is the cross-reference of clerks who've worked on Orlac claims?
Dr. Murnau was the bravest of men. He spent an entire career in those backwaters with no regard for personal gain.  A great loss.
I did read that.  They gave him a posthumous medal.
You must have read about it in the papers -- there was a terrible cave-in.  It wouldn't have been so bad but even the Medical Officer for the district was killed!
All these in the last year?
It's a factory in the northern mountains.  One of our best customers.  Without a proper request I'm not obliged to do this you understand -- but I'll make an exception on this one occasion.
Orlac is an account?
If it was Accounts you wanted why did you ask for Employees?
-- You mean my Chief has it.
Whenever an employee departs shall we say it's up to the head of his department to requisition his file reassign any outstanding claims and send it off.
It's gone out so quickly?
Why would we keep files on <u>dead</u> employees?  All old files are sent up to the Castle.  Do you think we have room for two hundred years worth personnel records?
What's the matter?
He's the clerk who died last week. From the insurance department
Yes.  Isn't it there?
I'm not obliged to give you access you know -- not without authorization -- but I'll make an exception this one time.
It usually is.
Amerika for us!
Then that's the place for us!
What's to become of us now?
It doesn't matter.  It's too late for all of us.
I understand he was wounded in the lung.
They'd drive us away.  That Kafka's made things very hot for us.
We could go back to the office. Explain ourselves to the Chief Clerk.
Here too!  They're all in a dreadful muddle!
This is filed incorrectly!
My mother used to tell us of the young man who decided to ride to the next village and how she was afraid that -- not even mentioning accidents -- the span of a normal happy life might fall far short of the time needed for such a trip.
But your goal is so hard to reach. Do you think the official network would surrender to one man?  We would never think of attempting anything remotely as difficult.
-- How would <u>you</u> like to be in a horrible situation like that?
We've been together too long.  His personality is overflowing into mine and vice versa.
And we're upset too.
It's not our fault.  We're naturally nervous.
It's not too bad working here.
We used to be in the supply section carrying boxes of medicine about but we dropped too many of them.
They keep switching us from department to department.  He doesn't mind because he can't sit still.
She went to the roof to sunbathe one lunch hour -- we watched her changing.
Women are all you have on your mind!
Gabriela Rossman was here looking for you.  Do you know her?
You look tired.
He can't sit still.  Just when we arrive at a nightclub he wants to go to another one.
Don't worry I don't want to give up any more.
Be careful with it.
Intelligence may not be the right word...
That it acquires intelligence from its victims?
Well if they were perfecting an aquaman then why's there a dead one onboard that Russian ship?  Why isn't he out swimming around?
Why stop with just one aspect of marine life?  Why not incorporate the best genetic components the ocean has to offer?...
But what about those scales... or that leech-like thing that bit Cobb?
Some say that's why we're basically hairless for less water resistance faster swimming speeds...
It was when it counted a couple of million years ago when the seas came in and drove us into the water.  Most homo sapiens didn't make it...Danakil man... <u>adapted</u>.
Not exactly a big ocean country.
Danakil man?...one of our ancestors.  Named for the Danakil Alps in Ethiopia.
Was there such a thing?
No.  I think they isolated him in genetic engineering. Homo aquaticus...
They found this?
Yeah...right...
It could be a million things something in the air food....  But he went on that ship and so did Williams...  I want to examine the crew.
Why Sixpack?
And they didn't believe the symptoms I described...
I don't know.  I've been back and forth with Narragansett Naval all day consulting with the best people in maritime medicine the best people in viruses...
The mask is because you think it might be...catching?
For this...you don't need to be.
I'm not a doctor.
Here.  Put this on.  You examine him.
Well how the hell does a skin rash kill you in eight hours?!
Dead?  This morning you said he had some skin disorder.
Pretty good imitation of a hangover and I ought to know.
What's wrong?
What mistakes?  Look I think it's no big deal but if you want to find out why this ship sank have Maritime run a check.
These observers were doing something. A test...I think they sank that ship on purpose to cover up their mistakes.
What do you want me to say? That it all sounds mysterious?
Be my guest.
You mind if I take a look at this?
We almost had an accident today. DeJesus' suit...
Well I'll be on the golf course in the morning.  Then if I don't have any babies to deliver--
Are you planning on working tomorrow?
Just get in yours!
Your suit Becky!
I got hung up!  Try this!
Where the hell've you been?
Fuck your orders!
That's an order!
I hit it.  But I can't see it!  Can you see it?!
I am thinking man!  You think I want to die!  I am thinking!  I--
Think!  Can we stop it?! Block it up?!  Shut down the line somewhere?!  Think!
Can you fix it?
Jesus Christ...
Crunch...Implosion.
We don't have much choice... without air the internal pressure will fall and--
What dead one on the ship?
That's why there's a dead one on the ship.  It ran out of blood.
No it's not going through. The intercom's busted.  I thought DeJesus fixed that?
Were Doss <u>were</u>.
I thought they were your friends?
One of those chunks of Sixpack!  Like a big leech with those teeth!...
It's got Hazy!
There's now a problem with the weather for pickup.  There's a typhoon in our sector... ...We're going to be delayed twelve hours...
We're getting out of here just in time.
Bullshit...I was just talking to him.  I saw him move.
...all of you owe time and I thought tonight would be a good time to---
Uh oh...I see where this is going...
I've been looking at the duty roster...at the shack hours outstanding...
The good doctor hasn't showed yet.
Doc eat already?
He don't need a readout man he needs help!
DeJesus!  A readout!
All right Sixpack you and Williams are gonna pull water duty tomorrow--
Huh?  I...uh...uh...
How do you know it was Williams?
Look at my foot sir!  This bitch put a goddamn sea monster in my bunk!
Cobb Jones I want you to do something about that damn rattle in the air system...  Bowman and Sixpack...living quarters...
I can't see them!
It hit me!  Where are they?!
Where's Jones?
We made it!
Can't we fix it?
Less than an hour.  It's ruptured an air duct.
How much time does that give us?
We're on backup air.
Seeing how my stock's doing...
What are you doing?
Maybe they already have.
Yeah...I think they're just deciding what to do with us.
They know don't they?
The escape bubbles?
Shit!  He sent them all.
Our only chance is to lure it to the Swamp and flush it like we did the other.
What can we do?
Maybe you're more one of us than you think...sir.
I guess I figured if I was in their shoes that's what I would've done.
You think I should hang around more with the crew?
Has it helped?
Everybody in corporate training serves a tour on the line.  Sup- posed to hone leadership skills or something.
I need electrical field experience on my resume. Everything helps...  Why are you here?
Whatever made you want to do a tour down here?
Good...It's going good.
No.  I'm just being friendly.
Why?  You going to give me hard time like the others?
How's astronaut training?
After a month of it you'd think I'd be used to it.
That was a loud one wasn't it?
Why can't we pick up his signal?
You screw around like that again and--
That's great.  Now let's move 35 degrees southwest.
Roger...  More light Sixpack...
I need more light on that Four.
Still...you did the right thing.
There probably wasn't anything wrong with his suit...
Today...with DeJesus.  That was smart thinking to get him inside...
You did good...
Jones...come with me.  Cobb you and Doc check the rooms.
Oh God she's out there...
Mr. Beck the contract states that no body can be disposed of without authorization of---
Shut up all of you.
No sir...I just wanted to know if you needed a hand?
Is this a contract violation Mr. Cobb?
Excuse me sir...
All right...
...I'd really have to show it to you.
What's wrong with it?
Uh..Excuse me sir it's the air recirculating system sir...
Something wrong Cobb?
You're only twenty-five tons off quota.  Barring an unforeseen problem you should reach it easily on the last day.  It's just a day off.  You don't have to take it I just thought it might help.
What about our quota?
He's not at his station.
Where's Doc?!
The internal monitors read normal.
Wait till you reach thirty- five before you blow your suit...
Twenty minutes!...Who had tank duty?
Twenty minutes...
What's your air reading?
I'm going inside.
Charge set.  Backing off.  C'mon Rover let's get out of here.
Charge set?
No...she killed herself.
And it killed Bo?
I can't tell you much about it except that none of you show any symptoms.
Let's get it out of here and bring in a new one.
Okay number 23's full.
Better let the Doc take a look at you after dinner.
How do you feel DeJesus?
Give me a readout DeJesus.
I realize you must have gone through hell--
Forty-eight hours!
Twelve hours no big deal.  We should know something first thing in the morning.  Don't worry.
But it's a delay!  How long? A day?  Two days?!
It shouldn't be a long delay.
What're you saying?  That we're not even going to be picked up tomorrow?
Unfortunately.  We can't.
Beck trust me.  If the company felt that you or your crew were in any danger we would authorize an immediate emergency pickup. We could be there in a few hours.
I'm not anxious to find out either.
But you don't have any proof at this point to assume that this disease is contagious do you?
What you don't understand is that my crew is in jeopardy.
Well according to Maritime law you as commander of the Shack have the authority to dispose of the body.  However the company doesn't want you to do that.
How's the weather for pickup tomorrow?
Well suit yourself then...its your decision...  Ha ha...a little joke...suit yourself...
I know that.
...as long as you know it's not in your contract.
Don't thank me yet but it is important to know where you're going and who your friends are... 'Know what I mean?
Thank you Martin.
Sounds like a good week Beck. In fact...I put your folder in front of the Vice President of District Operations last night...
Two hundred and fifty-two tons of Magnesium and 15 tons of Sodium.
Personal effects...
You're damn right I do.  Five years down here and I'll pull in more than 15 topside.  I'm not down here for the fun I'll tell you that.
You take your money too seriously Bo.
I signed-up for the stock option.
You got money in this tub?
How's TransOcean doing?
Made your million yet?
Hook's on 24...
Aw loosen up Bowman...  Hey Willie I got one served up for you.
Cute DeJesus...Specimen cups?
What about his suit?  That's a million five the company's got to replace.  They'll make somebody go get it.
The man is unbelievable... I say leave him in there.
Who else...Sixpack.
It wouldn't make any difference in there...He could be two feet away and on fire and she'd still not see him!
If he had his blinkers on--
The weather's good I already checked but I'll be off in a minute.
Hey Bo...when're you going to be off that thing?  I want to find out tonight's NBA scores and check the weather.
Fuck the suits it's the people monitoring them.  It Doc had been there like he's supposed to it never would've happened!
I'm telling you it's the suits!
Take it off and let me have a look.
Itches like hell.
Still bothering you?
What was it?
It...almost got you.
What happened?
...and a Russian grandmother...
Russian French Italian Spanish Greek German a little Hindu some Serbo Croat and a smattering of Swahili...standard pre-med background...
You read Russian?
What the?...
And hit the surface in the middle of a typhoon?...No thank you. I'll take my chance down here.
I say we should go get in the escape bubbles and get the hell out of here!
That <u>thing</u> happens to be my friend.
I ain't doing nothing for that thing without something to defend myself.
You let him get away!
It's Hazy...It's got him! Stay here and don't let him out.  I'm going to get the Doc.
What's going on?
Fuck double pay man!  I want out of here!
At least we get time and a half.  That's in the contract.
Pretty good.  He sent them out videotaping outcrop.
Yeah?  How'd the kid hold up?
What music?  There ain't no music.
Oooooh.  Damn!  Not so loud. Turn down the music.
Shhhh...don't tell no one.  Job security.
So that's all you do?...
Ah it's just old like me. You don't see the Doc opening me up every time I get a new creak in my joints...I say as long as it's recycling the air let the next shift deal with it. But 'long as we're here...
Listen to it for Christsake.
Whooo!  Right on Cobb!  Let's hear it for our shop Steward!
No way Mister Beck!  <u>No</u> <u>fucking way</u>!  We just did a full shift you can't call Shack duty on top of a full shift.  It's a contract violation!
I'm going to kill it!
It's Sixpack!
I feel it too...Someone's trying to get out.
Hey!...I feel something. It's moving!  He's alive!
I ain't goddamnit...It's Jones!..
C'mon Cobb...you're slacking...
He's tanking on us...
Bad as he is there's no way we can make our quota with- out his sad self out there. You just can't do it.
I'm on the way to the looney bin?  Hey man I'm not the dude sun bathing in his clothes.
You're on your way somewhere all right...the looney bin.
What game Cobb?...I'm on my way to Nirvana...
You guys are crazy.  What the hell you play that stupid game for?
This is what I wear at the beach goddamnit.
Hey Cobb...Man why don't you take off your shirt and pants man?  You should do that wearing what you're going to wear at the beach.
I do man.  That's a beautiful place.  When I get out of here I'm going there.  Find a nice little snow covered chalet warm little woman crackling fire--
Hey man you know that in Switzerland--and this country's the size of East L.A. okay?--they speak 54 different dialects? Fifty-four!
Probably the plumbing.  You gonna make me finish that puzzle by myself or what?
Look.  Water.
Under there?
Getting some food.
What?  That?...I've done this one before.  You hungry?  I'm hungry.
How'd you do that?
'Fucker could have gotten us all killed.
Serves his ass right to get it.  Motherfucker brings that shit onboard.  I hope his fucking ass rots in the sea and is shit upon by the fish.
Twelve hours!
Oh gag man how can you eat that stuff?...
Burritos...Enchiladas...
I don't know.  I'm guessing.
Fuck semantics Doc! You saying its like part DeJesus part Sixpack part Bowman?!
...It has many traits of deep sea marine life...regeneration scales gills even a period of dormancy...  but the fact that it remembered where the plasma was stored or where the communication wiring was may imply that it has some other quality...
No fuckin' lie...
The monster appears to be a genetic aberration...
Like a leech.
It would explain the suction- like appendages.
It's had a meal.
Bigger than DeJesus?  How?
I've got Cobbie downstairs watching the door.
I'm going to try to remove it.
What are you going to do to him?
We've got to get him to the infirmary.
We're simply concerned about her...proximity to...
Yes sir ain't that where we usually go when we're sick?
The infirmary?...
Excuse me sir...Bowman's sick.  She's downstairs in the infirmary.
Two hundred meters.
How far away is she?
I'm not touching you!
Answer them and quit kicking me!
Jameson?  Who are you trying to con...?
Who's the best power forward in the NBA...Jameson?
Tip top Willie...tip top.
Are you okay Jonesy?
Well why haven't they answered our flares?
How many times I got to tell you.  I saw a ship.
Are you sure you saw something?
Don't fuckin' worry I ain't.
Don't spend all day down there.
She's wondering what's happening.  We're losing air faster than I thought.
The shack...
The air's stopped.
What is it?
The good doctor signed our death warrant.
What is it?
Oh man that's just great...
Cobb's cut...It was in him! It got Doc...
Fucking great...You telling me we got a fucking dracula in here with us?
It needs blood?
DeJesus...It's got him.
What's wrong?
I ought to smack your face!
What on earth's the matter with you?
Sleeping.  No sign of Doc though.  I'll check the control room.  You look in the shower room...
Who were you talking to?
What is it?
Jameson?  Who're you trying to con?
Hey Jonesy who's the best power forward in the NBA...Jameson?
Let's hope it holds.
Clear for pickup.
Don't worry darlin I'm...
What's wrong did you miss me?
Sorry darling...Just thought a little humor would loosen us all up...you know?...
Bitch!  Look what you did!
The latch is screwed up.  Or the hinge.
Your pocket?
My pocket.  Check my pocket will ya honey?
You don't know.
We have no choice but to continue as planned.  Deploy the sentinels. Immediately.
They are dead.  In either case --
It's already begun.
We'll need a search running.
Their next target.  The name is Neo.
Expect it.  Did you get anything from the room?
He'll be contacting us again.
Does that surprise you?  It was inevitable.
Then the informant is real.
You all look the same to me.
Smith.  I am Agent Smith.
And you are?
The great Morpheus.  We meet at last.
They won't make it.
The sewers.  Of course.
No Lieutenant your men are already dead.
I sent two units.  They're bringing her down now.
The orders were for your protection.
I'm just doing my job.  You gimme that Juris-my-dick-tion and you can cram it up your ass.
Lieutenant you were given specific orders --
Lieutenant?
Should Tank I.D. it?
That's the third white van I've seen.
No way.  Not possible.
He's gonna make it.
All the time.  It's called mescaline and it is the only way to fly.
You ever have the feeling that you're not sure if you're awake or still dreaming?
I don't know... My computer...
Something wrong man?  You look a little whiter than usual.
I know I know.  This never happened.  You don't exist.
If you get caught using that --
Hallelujah!  You are my savior man! My own personal Jesus Christ!
You got the money?
I know.  It's her fault.
You're two hours late.
Don't hate me Trinity.  I'm just the messenger.  And right now I'm going to prove it to you.
Goddamn you Cypher!
That's what you think.  They've promised to back me Trinity. They're going to reinsert my body. I'll go back to sleep and when I wake up I'll be fat and rich and I won't remember a goddamn thing. It's the American dream.
But you're out Cypher.  You can't go back.
Oh I disagree Trinity.  I disagree.  I think the Matrix is more real than this world.  I mean all I do is pull a plug here.  But there you watch a man die.
The Matrix isn't real!
Yes.  You see the truth is Trinity that we humans have a place in the future.  But it's not here. It's in the Matrix.
My God.  Morpheus.  You gave them Morpheus.
I'm tired Trinity.  I'm tired of this war I'm tired of fighting. I'm tired of this ship of being cold of eating the same fucking goop every day.  But most of all I'm tired of this jagoff and all of his bullshit.
You killed them.
You are a beautiful woman.  Too bad things had to work out like this.
An accident?!
He had an accident.
Cypher?  Where's Tank?
Hello Trinity.
Morpheus will take him when he's ready.
I just keep wondering if Morpheus is so sure why doesn't he take him to the Oracle?  She would know.
Don't tell me you're a believer now?
There's something about him isn't there?
Yeah 'course I'm sure.
Are you sure this line is clean?
Did you hear that?
I intend to believe me.  Someone has to.
If you have something to say I suggest you say it to Morpheus.
You don't do you?
I... it doesn't matter what I believe.
Morpheus believes he is the One.
We're going to kill him.  Do you understand that?  He's going to die just like the others.
Don't be ridiculous.
I know but I felt like taking a shift.
You weren't supposed to relieve me.
Thanks... for the drink.
Honestly.  Morpheus.  He got them all amped up believing in bullshit. I watched each of them take on an agent and I watched each of them die.  Little piece of advice:  you see an agent you do what we do; run.  Run your ass off.
Dead.  All dead.
What happened to them?
Five.  Since I've been here.
How many were there?
You bet your ass.  It keeps him going.  Maybe it keeps all of us going.
I'm going to let you in on a little secret here.  Now don't tell him I told you this but this ain't the first time Morpheus thought he found the One.
Gee-zus!  What a mindfuck.  You're here to save the world.  You gotta be shitting me.  What do you say to something like that?
Why you're here?
Have to.  The image translators sort of work for the construct programs but there's way too much information to decode the Matrix.  You get used to it though.  Your brain does the translating.  I don't even see the code.  All I see is blonde brunette and redhead.  You want a drink?
Do you always look at it encoded?
The Matrix?  Yeah.
Is that...?
Midnight watch.
What are you doing?
No it's all right.
Whoa!  Shit Neo you scared the Bejeezus out of me.
He's going to pop!
I don't believe it!  I don't believe it!
Nearest exit is Franklin and Erie. An old appliance store.
Just get me outta here.
There was an accident.  A fucking car accident.  All of a sudden. Boom.  Jesus someone's going to make a believer out of me.
I need an exit!  Fast!
I know Trinity.  Don't worry.  He's going to make it.
You can't use that until Neo is out!
Five minutes.  Maybe six.
He's beginning to believe.
What is he doing?
We have no choice.
They'll be able to track it.
Give me your phone.
What if he isn't the One Morpheus? How can you be so sure?
We found him Trinity.  We finally found him.
Shit!  Apoc?
I got a fibrillation!
All right --
You have to focus.  There is a phone.  Wells and Lake.  You can make it.
Are they any agent?
I know.  They cut the hardline. This line is not a viable exit.
She told you exactly what you needed to hear.  That's all.  Sooner or later Neo you're going to realize just like I did the difference between knowing the path and walking the path.
Morpheus the Oracle... she told me --
Trinity!  Go!  Get to the basement. Find the catch basin!
No.  No!  Morpheus!  Don't!
I know.  That is why it is so important for you to go.  Please Neo I'm asking you to find whatever respect you may have for me and trust me.
Morpheus I don't know --
Listen to me Neo.  I know why you're afraid to go through that door.  You can't get free of thinking that I could be wrong.  You must believe me.  There is a greatness inside of you Neo.  A greatness that is going to lift you to unimaginable heights and that in time will change the world.
No.  I did not.  I have never told anyone this Neo.  After I saw the Oracle I thought... no I misunderstood what she told me.  I believed that it was all about me. That I would find the One not that he would find me.
Did you believe in them too?
Yeah?  What about the other five guys?  The five before me?  What about them?
And you still believe I'm the One?
Faith is beyond the reach of whys and why nots.  These things are not a matter of cause and effect Neo. I do not believe things with my mind.  I believe them with my heart. In my gut.
Why?  So I can hear some old lady tell me what?  That I'm this guy that everybody's been waiting for? The one that's supposed to save the world?  Come on.  How do I respond to that?  I can't.  It's ridiculous. I mean who am I?  I'm nobody I'm just a guy.  What did I do Morpheus?  Why me?
That's why we're here.
What do I believe it?  Are you kidding me?  What do you think?  I'm still trying to deal with the fact that everything I believed was real wasn't.  The whole world my entire life was a lie.  I don't know anything anymore Morpheus.
What do you believe in?
I told you I don't believe in this stuff.  No matter what she says I'm not going to believe it so what's the point?
Morpheus I don't think this is a good idea.
That I would find the One.
What did she tell you?
She helped you?
Don't think of it in terms of right and wrong.  She is a guide Neo. She can help you find the path.
And she's never wrong.
She is a true psychic.  She sees beyond the relativity of time.  For her there is no past present or future.  There is only what is.
How does she know?
She would say she knows enough.
And she knows what?  Everything?
Of the Resistance.
The beginning?
Yes.  She's very old.  She's been with us since the beginning.
So is this the same oracle that made the uh prophecy?
What's going on?
Set down in there.
No Neo.  I'm trying to tell you that when you're ready you won't have to.
What?  Are you trying to tell me that I can dodge bullets?
I've seen an agent punch through a concrete wall.  Men have emptied entire clips at them and hit noting but air.  Yet as powerful as they are their speed and strength are but tethers to the rules of an unreal world.  Because of this they will never be as strong or as fast as you can be.
Every attempt to fight them has ended in failure.  Only a handful of men and women have ever crossed an agent and lived because they are everyone and they are no one. Unkillable.  But now I believe that is going to change.
Look again.
No you don't.  Did you see the woman in the red dress?
I think I do.
Do you understand Neo?
What -- what lesson?
This is another Matrix simulation. A training program to help you get your sea legs and teach you one very important lesson.
The body cannot live without the mind.
If you are killed in the Matrix you die here?
Your mind makes it real.
I thought it wasn't real.
Because... I didn't think I would?
Do you know why you didn't make it?
I'm trying to free your mind Neo but all I can do is show you the door.  You're the one that has to step through.  Tank load the jump program.
I know what you're trying to do --
Do you think my being faster stronger has anything to do with my muscles in this place?
You -- you're too fast.
How did I beat you?
This is incredible.  I know kung fu.
Your training.
Get some rest.  You're going to need it.
I didn't say that it would be easy Neo.  I just said that it would be the truth.
No!  I don't believe it!  It's not possible!
Yes.  A singular consciousness that spawned an entire race of machines. I must say I find it almost funny to imagine the world slapping itself on the back toasting the new age.  I say almost funny.
A.I.?  You mean artificial intelligence?
We have only bits and pieces of information.  What we know for certain is that at some point in the early Twenty-first Century all of mankind was united in celebration.  Through the blinding inebriation of hubris we marveled at our magnificence as we gave birth to A.I.
What is real?  How do you define real?  If you're talking about your senses what you feel taste smell or see then all you're talking about are electrical signals interpreted by your brain.
This isn't real?
Wild isn't it?
Right now we're inside a computer program?
You believe the year is 1997 when in fact it is much closer to 2197.  I can't say for certain what year it is because we honestly do not know.
More important than what is when?
Morpheus what's happened to me? What is this place?
You've never used them before.
Why do my eyes hurt?
Your muscles have atrophied.  We're rebuilding them.
What are you doing?
Far from it.
... am I dead?
Be what?  Be real?
This can't be...
Have you ever had a dream Neo that you were so sure was real?
What does that mean?
The pill you took is part of a trace program.  It's designed to disrupt your input/output carrier signal so we can pinpoint your location.
That you are a slave Neo.  Like everyone else you were born into bondage kept inside a prison that you cannot smell taste or touch. A prison for your mind.
What truth?
The Matrix is everywhere it's all around us here even in this room. You can see it out your window or on your television.  You feel it when you go to work or go to church or pay your taxes.  It is the world that has been pulled over your eyes to blind you from the truth.
Do you want to know what it is?
The Matrix?
Let me tell you why you are here. You have come because you know something.  What you know you can't explain but you feel it.  You've felt it your whole life felt that something is wrong with the world. You don't know what but it's there like a splinter in your mind driving you mad.  It is this feeling that brought you to me.  Do you know what I'm talking about?
I know exactly what you mean.
Because I don't like the idea that I'm not in control of my life.
Yes.  Thank you.  But I think we both know there's more to it than that.  Do you believe in fate Neo?
You're Morpheus you're a legend. Most hackers would die to meet you.
Ironically this is not far from the truth.  But I'm getting ahead of myself.  Can you tell me Neo why are you here?
I can see it in your eyes.  You have the look of a man who accepts what he sees because he is expecting to wake up.
You could say that.
I imagine right now you must be feeling a bit like Alice tumbling down the rabbit hole?
Please.  Come.  Sit.
It's an honor.
Welcome Neo.  As you no doubt have guessed I am Morpheus.
Go the the Adams Street bridge.
Do you still want to meet?
You're the One Neo.  You see you may have spent the last few years looking for me but I've spent most of my life looking for you.
What do you know?
They got to you first but they've underestimated how important you are.  If they knew what I know you would probably be dead.
The agents --
This line is tapped so I must be brief.
There are only two ways out of this building.  One is that scaffold. The other is in their custody.  You take a chance either way.  I leave it to you.
No way no way this is crazy.
There's a small ledge.  It's a short climb.  You can make it.
No!  It's too far away.
How do you know all this?
Good.  Now there is a window.  Open it.
But what if...?
The cubicle across from you is empty.
I can guide you out but you have to do exactly what I say.
I'm not sure but if you don't want to find out you better get out of there.
What the fuck do they want with me?!
Holy fucking shit!
Stand up and see for yourself.
Who's coming for me?
I've been looking for you Neo.  I don't know if you're ready to see what I want to show you but unfortunately we have run out of time.  They're coming for you Neo. And I'm not sure what they're going to do.
Morpheus...
Hello Neo.  Do you know who this is?
He is the One.  He is the One!
I'm going to make the call.
Tank charge the E.M.P.
We're on our way --
Got one ready sir.  Subway.  State and Balbo.
We need an exit.
Goddamn!  It's good to hear your voice sir!
Now left and that's it in front of you.
I need the main wet-wall.
Ten hours straight.  He's a machine.
You're going to have to make a final choice.  In one hand you will have Morpheus' life.  In the other hand you will have your own.  One of you is going to die.  Which one will be up to you.
Morpheus believes in you Neo and no one not you or even me can convince him otherwise.  He believes it so blindly that he's going to sacrifice his life to save yours.
What do you mean without him?
I know.  Poor Morpheus.  Without him we are lost.  We will never find the One.
Morpheus.  He almost had me convinced.
What's funny?
Your next life maybe.  Who knows. That's how these things go.
Sorry kid.  You got the gift but looks like you're waiting for something.
I'm not the One.
But you already know what I'm going to tell you.
Okay now I'm supposed to say 'Hmmm that's interesting but...' Then you say --
Honestly?  I don't know.
So?  What do you think?  You think you're the One?
Not too bright though.
You're cuter than I thought.  I see why she likes you.
How did you know...?
I said don't worry about it.  I'll get one of my kids to fix it.
Shit I'm sorry.
I'd ask you to sit down but you're not going to anyway.  And don't worry about the vase.
Bingo.  Not quite what you were expecting right?  I got to say I love seeing you non-believers. Always a pip.  Almost done.  Smell good don't they?
You're the Oracle?
I know.  You're Neo.  Be right with you.
Can you fly that thing.
I'm fine.  Come on we have to keep moving.
Are you all right?
It wasn't fast enough.
You moved like they moved.  I've never seen anyone move that fast.
Neo how did you do that?
No one has ever done anything like this.
No?  Let me tell you what I believe. I believe Morpheus means more to me than he does to you.  I believe that if you are serious about saving him then you are going to need my help and since I am the ranking officer on this ship if you don't like it then I believe that you can go to hell because you aren't going anywhere else.
No you're not.
I'm coming with you.
What are you doing?
I believe I can bring him back.
No Neo.  That's not true.  It can't be true.
I'm sorry I'm not.  I'm just another guy.  Morpheus is the one that matters.
No you... have to be.
I'm not the One Trinity.  The Oracle hit me with that too.
Morpheus did what he did because he believed that I'm something I'm not.
Morpheus sacrificed himself so we could get you out!  There's no way you're going back in!
I'm going in after him.
What are you doing?
What choice?
That I would have to make a choice...
There has to be something that we can do.
Goddamnit!  Goddamnit!
I don't know.  It just went dead.
What happened?
Is Morpheus still alive Tank?
Is Morpheus alive?
We have to!
We can't leave him!
A deju vu is usually a glitch in the Matrix.  It happens when they change something.
What is it?
It might have been.  I'm not sure.
How much like it?  Was it the same cat?
A black cat went past us and then I saw another that looked just like it.
What happened?  What did you see?
Nothing.  Just had a little deja vu.
What did you just say?
... right as rain.
Are you all right?
She told me...
What did she tell you?
Did you go to her?
Should I be?
Are you worried?
That's different.
But an Oracle can.
That the Matrix cannot tell you who you are.
What does that mean?
I used to eat there... Really good noodles.
It disables any electrical system in the blast radius.  It's the only weapon we have against the machines.
E.M.P.  An electromagnetic pulse.
Easy Neo.  Easy.
Get this thing out of me!
It's going into replication.
We think you're bugged.  Try to relax.
What is this thing?
And I know that's not where you want to be.
Because you've been down there Neo. You already know that road.  You know exactly where it ends.
Neo please you have to trust me.
It's necessary Neo.  For our protection.
What the hell is this?!
When I asked him he said that no one could ever be told the answer to that question.  They have to see it to believe it.
What is the Matrix?
It's the question that brought you here.  You know the question just as I did.  It is a hacker's question.
Please.  Just listen.  I know why you're here Neo.  I know why you left your family and your friends why you left your home to come to this city.  You're looking for him.
They're watching you Neo.
Right now all I can tell you is that you are in danger.  I brought you here to warn you.
How did you do that?
No.  It's safe here and I don't have much time.
Do you want to go somewhere and talk?
Most guys do.
I just thought... you were a guy.
That was a long time ago.
Trinity?  The Trinity?  The Trinity that cracked the I.R.S. Kansas City D-Base?
My name is Trinity.
Who are you?
I know a lot about you.  I've been wanting to meet you for some time.
How do you know that name?
Kick it in!  Kick it in!
It's locked.
Which way?  Which way?
Mr. Wizard get me the fuck out of here!
Guns.  Lots of guns.
Okay.  Store's open.  What do you need?  Besides a miracle...
Because I believe in something.
I know that's what it looks like but it's not.  I can't logically explain to you why it's not. Morpheus believed something and he was ready to give his life for what he believed.  I understand that now. That's why I have to go.
Neo this is loco.  They've got Morpheus in a military-controlled building.  Even if you somehow got inside those are agents holding him.  Three of them!  I want Morpheus back too but what you are talking about is suicide.
The Oracle.  She told me this would happen.  She told me...
What are you talking about?
Does it?  I don't know.  This can't be just coincidence.  It can't be! Can it?
Neo this has to be done!
Goddamnit!  I don't believe this is happening!
Every leader of every ship is given the codes to Zion's mainframe computer which can be accessed only through the Matrix.  They are used only in emergencies.  If an agent had those codes and got inside Zion's mainframe they could disable the entire defense system.  It would be the end of everything.
What do they want?
When it does Morpheus will tell them anything they want to know.
Depends on the mind.  But eventually it will crack and his alpha pattern will change from this to this.
How much time?
They inject virus-like serums to attack the neuro-systems.  It's like cracking a computer.  All it takes is time.
They're hacking his mind.
What are they doing to him?
The Oracle.
Hey Mikey he likes it!  Ready for more?
Deep underground.  Near the earth's core where it's still warm.  You live long enough you might even see it.
Where is it?
The last human city.  The only place we got left.
It's a city?
If this war ended tomorrow Zion is where the party would be.
Any holes?  Nope.  Me and my brother Dozer we are 100 percent pure old- fashioned home-grown human.  Born free.  Right here in the real world. Genuine child of Zion.
You don't have...
You will tonight.  I guarantee it. I'm Tank.  I'll be your operator.
Morning.  Did you sleep?
They've burned through the outer shields.
I don't know.  I lost him.
What just happened?
An Agent!  You have to send me back!
What the hell just happened?
Tank I need a pilot program for a military M-109 helicopter.
Trinity we don't have any other choice.
You're going to kill him?  Kill Morpheus?!
There is.  We have to pull the plug.
I'll be all right.
Tank you're hurt.
So did we.  I sent him to Franklin and Erie.
Cypher I thought --
You're not far from Cypher.
We need an exit!
He's alive.
Yes.  They're moving him.  I don't know where yet.
Tank it's me.
Let go of her.
Whether she wants to or not...she's not going.
Nothing's private...
Look fella...this is private...
It's obvious that the girl doesn't want to accompany you isn't it?
Of course 'The Season of the Witch' won't be ready for a while yet but we have to keep in touch.
Sounds good.
Great...great...listen I'm very interested in you guys because I'll be opening a new club myself soon... uptown...and maybe we can work something out...
Well we're here for about two weeks then whatever else comes along... we're still working on our album and...
What are your plans?
No really I liked it...thought it was great.
Know where he is?
Yeah.  But he ain't here now.
Isn't this Jack Groppi's place?
Well maybe they do that in Riverdale but down here we take cash.  Now you got it or not?
No all we got is $40.
You got sparklers?
That means it's good.
Hey!  You want good stuff or you want shit?
Well I don't know if we want to buy all $40 worth...
Yeah well keep away from those Chinx.  They don't have shit.
We went down to Chinatown but they don't have any.
Ok.  For another $5.00 a special on the packs.
And cherry bombs...ash cans...and rockets?
Well my stuff comes from Maryland... you know what that means?
Well we want good stuff.
All right!  Quiet!  For $40 I could give you...
Well we got $40 and we wanna buy...
Yeah yeah never mind.  You gotta be careful.
Well the guy over there said...
Sssh!  Quiet.  Y'know that's illegal.
A check?  What the...hey where you kids from?
Uh...can we give you a check?
Hey hold it!  Gimmie the cash.
Nobody sees where I get the stuff. That's good business.  I'll be back in thirty minutes.
Can't we come with you?
I gotta get the stuff.
Ok you guys get out and wait here for me.
Ok.  Wait here.
Yeah I'm gonna worry about you too.
Sure.  And you're gonna take the vows next Tuesday right.
Hey...no more good times like before.  Until you come back.
Panther!  Same thing...
Thanks for the ride.
Listen try a place with some sun. Swimming pools.  Palm trees.  Girls in little French bathing suits.
I'll say that I'm travelling.
And say what?
Listen I appreciate it but I'll handle it myself.  I'll write.
How about Teresa?  I could talk...
Yeah well thanks but I got enough to hold me.  My mother can send me some.  I don't know.
Take it easy.  I only asked because maybe I could you know let you have a little something.
Hey come on...
You flew before?
So I'll send you a postcard from wherever.  If I get there.
It's an open ticket.  I can go anywhere up to $350.
I know I know stupid.  I mean where you goin'?
Ok...but go to a movie first or something...not good to be driving around right away.  You know you can't do much for him now...it's out of your hands.
Hide the gun.  Throw it away. Anything.  Listen I gotta borrow your car...I think we should take a ride...away from here for the night...you know what I mean?
Get out of here before this really goes up.
Sure she is.  She's always in here with some different guy.  You know the way they are.
She don't look Jewish.
Look at her.
How do you know?
Who's the girl?
I don't know but God help him if he does it again!
Prophesy to us oh Christ!  Who is it that struck thee?
'Thou sayest it; I am a king.  This is why I was born and why I have come into this world to bear witness to the truth.  Everyone who is of the truth hears my voice.'
'Thou art then a king?'
'My kingdom is not of this world. If my kingdom were of this world my followers would have fought that I might not be delivered to the Jews. But as it is my kingdom is not from here.'
'Dost thou say this of thyself or have others told thee of me?'
'Art thou the King of the Jews'?
'And with your spirit.'
May God be with you.
Anybody wanna have a game?
Look who's talking.  Pretentious bullshit.  Who's the guy with William Blake and the tigers eh?
You are with out a doubt the biggest most pretentious bullshit thrower I know.  Like to see what kind of business you'd do.
And I wouldn't call it TONY'S PLACE or CHARLIE'S PLACE...  I'd call it something like SEASON OF THE WITCH... get it?
'Take a little tip from Mack the Knife...'
See what I mean?  A question please...'Is this what you call living?'
Be careful.
Really wanted to get a little tiger Charlie y'know...a little William Blake and all that...
Don't go to any trouble.  We believe you... We believe you.
Keep quiet about this.  I don't have any license for him yet.  I've only had him a couple of days. Nobody can feed him except me.  I'm the only one he trusts.  Watch.
Johnny you're a real jerk-off.
You got some mouth!
I bet 235.  Because I dreamt of my grandfather - and when he died the number of the funeral parlour was 235 - so when I dreamt...
It'll be OK - I know those guys. They won't stiff you.
The number was 235 - I bet it combination.
Next time bet with your own kind.
Not quite...but keep trying.
Waddaya think?
What are you going to do?  Hide me?
This can't be settled any other way now...I'll take full blame.
I think we should see your uncle.
He has about twenty-eight bucks... it's all he has on him.
Hello Michael.  I've got something for you...not much...but...
Mind your own business.
Back so soon.
I'll be here.  Don't worry.
Don't you move!!!
No I just want to help myself that's all.
NO!!!  What do you think I am crazy???
Charlie twenty-eight bucks is nothing.  The only way to do it is through your uncle...think about it will you?
Oh cut it out will ya?
No you're not...
Take it.  I'm doing it for you stupid!
What you're doing for me isn't worth it...believe me!
You threaten me with my uncle? After what I'm doing for you?
Me?  I wouldn't say a word to my aunt and uncle...or even your uncle Charlie...
Johnny I swear to God if you open your mouth about any of this...
I'm not smart...I'm stupid remember. I'm so stupid that you have to look out for me remember?
Don't be smart.
Well kids...have the bans been announced yet?
Oh that's too bad Teresa...
Your cousin here was getting sick worrying about you.  We've been in here calling...
Yeah Teresa shut up!  We don't wanna get Charlie here in trouble do we?...We love Charlie.
You tell me that in front of these creeps?
Keep your mouth shut.
I understand.
That's what I get for getting involved.  Look on pay-day at least show up at Tony's Place to meet him ok?  This way he doesn't think that you're trying to screw him.  If you show good faith and save his face maybe we can talk and he'll take off the interest or make different payment arrangements or something... understand?  I'm not asking I'm telling you!!
Yeah take it easy.  Will you relax.
I don't get involved with anything you understand that?  Nothing!  I'm clean as far as you know...right?
That'll help you out fine.  That's the best way for you not for me! I swear to God I'll rip you open if my uncle ever hears a word about this.  You understand?  I don't care what happens he doesn't find out. 
If you had a little talk with your uncle...if anybody can do it he can.
Charlie you know the best way to take care of this whole mess.
Big deal...in the meantime it's done...I'll still try to help you out...You know that...but you gotta show some effort...some respect... understand?
I'm sorry Charlie...I didn't mean it.
It's impossible for you to catch up on the loan now...the interest is going up...$3000...do you realize that flash?
I'm going to work this week...I mean it.
That's not going to help.
I swear to God Charlie...my arm still hurts from the car accident...that's why I didn't go to work.  I swear it.
Did you see them run!
Let's get out of here.
Stupid bastard...you get your cousin half-sick over this.
Hey...don't do that...I'm only scaring them.
Cut it out stupid.  It's me.
Don't come any closer!!!
We'll get some food from my aunt's. I'll get in through the fire escape. She's always got something.
I could have told you that.
Hey...you got nothing here.
Listen...I'm a guest here.
I won't wait until Tuesday.  I'll break your arms right now.
Ok now that that's over with...what are you gonna make me for breakfast?
Don't promise...just deliver.
Ok ok...take it easy.  I'll show. Tuesday I'll give Michael something. I promise.
I'll tell you what I don't do... I don't owe anybody 2000 clams plus interest stupid.  Show up or I break both your arms we understand each other?
What about your attitude...Where's your job...eh?  You talk and talk and I go to work...what do you do?
You're not supposed to like it. What gets me is your attitude. Listen... tomorrow you show up.
I don't like loading crates.
You sick or what?  You forget what we had to do to get you on the trucks stupid?
Didn't show up.
What do you mean?
There won't be any this week.
You couldn't handle shit.  You just better come through with some kind of payment on Tuesday...anything. Understand?  Hold onto your pay- check this week.
Don't worry.  I can handle it.
Yeah big man...get yourself in more trouble.  You make a fool out of him you're doing the same to me. I signed for you don't forget.
Wouldn't bother me.
You'd better make a move kid.  He thinks you're trying to screw him.
No she isn't.
I don't think I should go home looking like this.  You think I could stay at your place tonight? Your mother's not there is she?
Should I slap him?
Yes you're gettin' it all over my tie.
C'mon Tony waddaya say?
All right forget it.  Tony you got anything we can put on his face?
It's the truth I swear.
I swear to God Charlie it's the truth.
I know but let's hear it anyway.
Charlie I swear on my mother you're not going to believe this.
What happened to you Flash?
Giovanino!  Where have you been?
Drinks for everybody Tony...
What can I say?
My uncle figured that this week was bad...but about next week...I dunno. Maybe you should speak to him yourself.
I should know?  His wife don't even know.  Probably off with one of his little girls...I don't know.  I tell you if he don't give a damn then I don't give a damn...Why should I kill myself?
I don't understand where's Groppi?
Your Uncle's a good man...I won't stick him.  Either he gets the money or the place and right now he's getting the place.  And tell me why should I care?  I got a partner who's a bum who doesn't help out...who disappears and leaves me with all the problems.  I should go back to Florida...I don't need this.
He'd rather have the loan payed you know that.
Listen I should wrap up this place in a ribbon and hand it to him you know that.  I don't need this aggravation.  I'm getting old.
Not next week's either...listen...you tell that to Giovanni not me.
I can't make this week's payment and if this keeps up not next week's either.
That bad huh?
Look Charlie you're a good boy. Will you just tell your uncle that I have nothing.  There is nothing to give him.  No envelopes with cash inside no checks nothing.
What pipes...the ones from last year...those pipes.
What pipes?
I was in the basement fixing the pipes.  Would you believe that?
Don't ask...do you have any idea what I've been doing all morning...eh?
Ok how's everything going?
Hey...you're here.  They told me you're here...and you're here.  How are you?
You're not going to use that gun Johnny.
You're really crazy.
Yeah where's the rest?
Where's the rest?
Look Michael I'll get him here. What do you want me to do kill him?
We'll be here.
Be seeing you and Johnny tonight... here...right?
You said it.
'Amen I say to thee thou wilt not come out from it until thou hast paid the last penny.'
He could at least show some respect and show his face even if he doesn't have the money...
'But I say to you not to resist the evildoer; on the contrary if someone takes thy tunic let him take thy cloak as well...to him who asks of thee give; and from him who would borrow of thee do not turn away!
I'll tell you who you can pray for... Next payday I'll be at Tony's Place...Johnny better show or I find him and break his legs...and I mean it.
'But I say to you love your enemies do good to those who hate you and pray for those who persecute...'
Charlie this is business.
$3000.  Shit!  Can we hold it at $3000?
$500.  He borrowed that because he wanted to pay off his other loans... now counting the interest...it's almost $3000.
How much was the original loan again?
You kiddin.  The way it is now this isn't even interest for two hours.
He'll be here.  Look take this for now.
Well he isn't.  Nice...real nice.
Let's go to the movies...on you.
Nothin'.  Just stiffed those kids. Don't want'em comin' back and findin' you...start asking you questions.
What's a'matter?
We'll settle it tonight.
All right...but understand I don't like being taken advantage of.  I mean you're in there talking with your uncle and all...This is embarassing.
Look...I've talked to him and I've talked to him...what more can I do...?  Tonight at the party all three of us get together and we knock some sense into his head...ok?
Nevamind 'look'...This punk bastard...I call him at work...I say 'Johnny Boy there?'...He doesn't even show up for work anymore...
Oh Michael look...
Yeah thanks it's ok.
You getting out too?
C'mon Johnny.
Ok...that's it.
Disgraceful.
Get him in.
Hey shut up.
Michael give us a lift.
Michael believe me.  You know the kid's a little crazy sometimes.  I vouched for him and he'll come through.  I promise.  I'll talk to him and straighten him out.  Don't worry OK?
I don't know that.  That's what I'm telling you.
You're right.  You're right.  Look I'm not gonna wind up paying his debts.  You know that.
I know that Charlie but look at my side.  You undersigned the loans. You vouched for him.  What happens if this kid don't pay me?  I gotta collect from you?  I don't want to do that.  I made a deal with him not you right?
Michael nobody's out to screw you I guarrantee that.
...Charlie don't you think you should be interested in Johnny's payments to me?  I think you should be you know that.
I'd like to know Charlie it looks like your little friend is trying to duck me...
Look...I don't know.  What am I supposed to be his keeper or something?  Yeah he's supposed to be here but who knows what goes on in his head.  Right?
Isn't he supposed to be here tonight...I mean...
You seen Johnny Boy tonight?
No...I'll be ok for a week.
Sell 'em if you can't smoke them.
For these prices don't be particular. That's all they had - but next week we'll see...
Oh great...hey - Winstons?
Why not here...Ok nevermind...6th Avenue and Waverly.
Ok.  Chinese.  We'll meet on the corner of 6th Avenue and Waverly Place after you finish.
Chinese food?
Yeah you know...you greet the people...see them to their tables... well...it'll be different though... Listen...why don't we get together and talk after your show tonight.
No...no stripping...as the hostess.
I was thinking maybe you'd do very nicely for the place.
That's nice.
In a little while...I'm gonna have the opportunity of opening my own place...not here...much nicer than this...uptown...sort of nite-club and restaurant and everything.
No I'm serious...You're really good.
You know Diane...I've been wanting to talk to you for a while now...er... a...  aside from all that joking around we do out there...when you're on...I... a...I really...think that you're a terrific performer...
Diane how are you feeling?
Oh yeah that's a possibility.
Well maybe you missed something?
What do they expect you to say?
Her mother and father come to me and ask advice...she wants to leave...get her own apartment...worries them sick...what am I gonna tell them?  Lock her up?
Yeah.  That's what I said sick in the head.
No she's got epilepsy.
...The one who's sick right?  In the head.
His whole family has problems...his cousin the girl who lives next door to you...
What did he do?
...but it's the same thing all the same...they're in there by having something on somebody...and when that doesn't work...they fight...Our life has honor...we have no show to put on because we do what we have to do.  They know where to come when they need us.  I realize this during the war...World War II...Vito Genovese... during WWII he worked with the government taking care of the docks...
What I don't understand is why you have to go to college to read these books that you're gonna read anyway.
Oh yes he's pretty good.
You know this boy over here once long time ago tried to enrich my mind...so he gives me a book by this Hemin fella...to read so I read it.
Hemmingway.  Killed himself.  I was more upset about that than about Groppi that's for sure.
Well he was always a little crazy... he puts a gun in his mouth...  ...like your friend...comme si chiama...Henning?  Heming?
I really couldn't believe it when you told me you know that?
Our friend Groppi went to his mother's house.  And when he was there...at night...
Who me? ...No I don't know not me...all I know is...
You heard what happened to GROPPI eh?
Oh...around...why?
Hey where you been?
Take a drink!
No...his business is bad.  But I'll decide what to do and you...and you just keep out of anything that might...might...er draw attention to you.
About Oscar...I think he put on this act...about the restaurant being in bad shape and all that. He can't make the payments...I don't know what to make of it.  He says Groppi's run off with a girl. I could help if you want.
Yes you did.
You're right uncle.  I must have gotten it confused with something else.
No you weren't.
About that shooting last night...I was there and...
Fine.  Did you have a good time last night?
Uncle how are you feeling?
Oh that's ok...I've been in and out of this place fifty times.
Why don't you take a look around the place if you want?
Charlie couple of courses isn't enough to get you student deferred... I mean if they wanted to draft you you would've been drafted by now.
It's only a couple of courses...just for the draft.
Oh yeah...didn't read it but I saw the movie...Gregory Peck...pretty good.
No c'mon...Y'know I read.
What was it?
Wasn't a book...was a short story.
For God's Sakes...I told you before...nothing.  Charlie I can't stay in here too long at this hour...will you please listen to me?
Are you sure he didn't say anything to you about tonight?
Honey I can't talk now...I've gotta run bye.
Charlie...I've got to see you.  I want to talk...
Teresa?...Yeah Charlie.  Listen I'm looking for your cousin.  Yeah well today's Tuesday payday.  I haven't seen him all day...no...well have you got any idea where he is?  I know it's early yet but I'm just getting worried that's all...
Now don't get excited.  Don't get excited!!
The building on the corner.  That one!  He's been on the roof a half hour now!
The green capsules in the top drawer.
You've been running round too much. Bet you've been forgetting your medicine.
I'm sleepy.
Of all people.  Now say the truth. Do I look like Che Guevara.  C'mon.
Ummmmmmmmmmmmm.
...He must have heard the name from those T.V.'s in the hall that were blaring all the time.  I remember GUEVARA was in town at the time. Must've heard it from there I guess...but that's funny isn't it?
I know...I know.
I can take care of myself.  You know that.
Well you can't blame them in a way.
You know why...with my parents.
Uhuh...probably a good idea.  Why don't you do it this time?
I'm going to take that apartment uptown.
Watch your language.
You're intolerable today.
That W.A.S.P. bastard.
No.  Of course he lives there. Would I point it out to you if he didn't?
Sure...He lives there?
See that...know who lives there? The name George Earhardt mean anything to you?
That's the word...preoccupied.
I know you don't.  You've been very preoccupied lately.
Take your time.  I don't care.
It was nothing.  I'm almost finished.
Yeah...but don't worry about that now.  The Hemmingway one is first.
A paper on that one too?
No...we can come back in a couple of weeks.  Besides if we're both gone for three days it wouldn't look right.
C'mon Charlie...one more day.  I'll call in sick for work.
Not sick...just stupid.  Speaking of stupid your cousin last night was feeling so good he decided to break into your mother's house...to get some food.
It's still sick.
You missed the point.  The kid's a climber...not very bright...but if you get down to his level to look at it his way; he kills a guy who insulted a big man - he gets a reputation.  He thinks he's in good standing.
It doesn't make any sense.  He wouldn't shoot him just because he insulted a racket guy...not unless it was personal.
CHRIST you should have seen it. Unbelievable.  The kid would turn around and fire and he would just keep coming at him like Rasputin. That kid was scared.  Not half as much as we were though.
Alright... Hey did you hear any more about what happened last night?
What is it now?
You know...like restaurants night clubs...
Anything specific?
See if you can get your hands on some pamphlets on laws or by laws...or proprietorship...you know...at your place.
Nobody knows anything believe me.
Charlie...?
Maybe who knows.
An apartment uptown?  Downtown?
Well if things go the way I hope they'll go this money business will take care of itself.  God willing.
It's all right.
Sure...it's not that...I mean...
I don't mind.
Please take it.
Well...with the hotel that's ten... fifteen...
Do you have enough?
Ok we'll go for lunch.
I'd like to eat something before I go back to work.
Hey c'mon - no bullshit - friends.
Don't count it...it's all there.
I feel fine--nothing wrong with me.
What's the matter with this kid?
Girls?  You call those skanks girls?!
The girls like it loud.
Lower the fuckin music--I can't hear nothin.
We'll close up as soon as everybody leaves.
Will you guys shut up with the witches and tigers.  Tony you gonna close the place we get out of here get something to eat or what?
Yeah so things'll be even.
Put it on the little tab so that it balances with the big one.
Which one the big tab or the little tab?
and a double for you and Charlie here.  And put it on my tab willya?
This is a heisted car!
You could say that.
You mean it's heisted.
Yeah it's your father's.
No...no.  Nooo...it's just that I...I...uh... this ain't my car.
What'sa matter...forget your registration?
I know...I know.
Ah...there's a funny lookin' cab behind us.
Yeah I think so.
Hey... you got stereo.
Yeah...just had it delivered...
This is some boat.  Your father's?
Sal!... fourteen street.
Hey Johnny where're you goin'?
Quiet please.
Must have been all the liquor in him.
Friends of yours Michael.
Just keep him quiet.
I know what you're going to say but don't say it.  These drinks are all on the tab.  I'm gonna see you this Tuesday payday I promise.  I give you my word.
Of course!  A double for Michael Tony.
How about me?  I don't get a drink John?
Ok guys...have a heart.  This is my business.
Can you spare it?
Not bad.  $20.  Here $5.
Did you hear me?  Get Dr. Raymond! NOW!!
Okay Jeremy...go get Dr. Chris Raymond will you?
What's your name?
Hey you can't...
Take a look.
Weird shit...?
There's some weird shit here.
There are thirty five listed in the reverend Wong's roster...
Triad Chinese Mafia. They bring people from Yunan. Slave labor...  Reverend Harry Wong a preacher had the flophouse fronting for them. No sign of him.
Did they get the sleazebag who owns this place?
Tell them to send flowers to the usual address.
Immigration's gonna love you for that.
Internal hemorrage. 2 our of 5 have it.  No definite signs of TB but we'll quarantine them a week just to make sure.
Hey. I'm a short guy. Waddaya want?
You really love flashing that thing don't you?
Not just any carbohydrates mind you. It was like being on the receiving end of some kind of transcendent oral sex.  We should get a strobe on this thing. Maybe even a siren.
Selling your sould for a fistful of carbohydrates...
And a right.
I think so. One right two lefts...
Go left.  Go left again till you hit the fork... Then right again. You got that?
Way we came.  Take the first tunnel to your right...
H-how do I get...?
Show that to the station manager.  Tell him Leonard's gonna have his bubble-butt he don't have someone down here in ten.
Track bunnies.  Rats.  They're usually around.
Funny.  Shoulda seen some track bunnies by now.
Mole people. This section was pretty popular all the way to Fulton Street...
There's really people living down here?
New York's finest.
You all watch your step.  We got some burrows goin' down seven stories here.  You fall I don't wanna have to come pick you up.
Go!! Just go!!
What do you-?
The kid's with them!!
Depends.  You got a memo?
You gonna finally get to fuck around with the wires.  Think you can handle it?
Someone'd have to go to the switchroom pull the coupling lever that'll send us left and to the elevator.
Can we get this car there?
Third rail is dead.  Get me up.  There must be a manual override in the booth.
Is there a switch?
How you know that?  Shit it was runnin' around with its buttside gone and a fucking pipe through its heart...
It doesn't matter all right?  It's dead.
I'm sorry.  But I don't think letting you bleed to death is the best apology.
Oh you helped me here all right white boy.  You and your goddam memo. You needed to prove your point uh?
Leonard listen.  I need to see if there's any nerve damage before we carry you back.  Look I'm trying to help you here...
Yeah I feel like ripping your fucking eyes out...
You feel anything?
Its muscles are locked.
Fuck you wait a minute. I'm going to-
Wait a minute-
Just do it!
I only got...
All right motherfucker that's it.
For Chrissakes what's the problem? You need a memo every time you fart?
Those things bring juice to the new stations.  You just can't rewire that shit...
Oh man there you go again.
You said those cables're still live. Can't we rewire...?
Well...there's an old service elevator half a mile down the tracks.  Ain't gonna be much use though.  Lines are dead.
You got a better way up?
Oh that's gonna work.
Look what you did! You stupid sonofa-
Did you see the size of that thing?!
20 minutes.  Susan?
20 minutes. If you don't go sight-seeing anymore.
We'll be back at the platform in...
You wanna keep up the conversation you best come back with the proper permits and the right attitude.
For Chrissakes.  You gonna lay a two- bit bureaucratic territorial number on me?
No you talkin' at me.
Excuse me I'm talking to you.
Please do.  He's a lonely guy.
Fine.  You want me to call your supervisor?
...should know better'n to go sneakin' around my turf...
The Department of Public Health...
Yeah and you gonna have to show me a lot bigger one you wanna go down there. That's the old maintenance grid Doc. Swiss cheese: tunnels tracks...
Look I showed you my badge...
Nino please...
What's Manny doing? I can't see him anymore.
You don't do that we're on the wrong track.  You...
The lights come up you pull the switch.
Hey hey!! Take it easy!!
You better tell me what the hell's going on here!
Chuy. He was taken. He's down here somewhere...  Oh please hurry. I saw what was after her.
What are you doing down here?
Hurry the woman needs help!
My God what the hell are you...?
He can imitate anything you just watch him.
He's special.
No way we can outrun 'em together. Move it!
We're no leaving you!
Across both tracks!!
Manny never threw the coupling switch!! We're goin' the wrong way!!!
He didn't do it!
Peter you couldn't even fix our TV!
It would take a minute or so.  You won't last that long out there.
Hell I might be able to juice the whole area if I can get to the power box. It's just a couple of cables...
But the power...
Scent glands.  Insects use 'em to identify themselves to each other.
What are you putting that crap on me for?
We'll find him. We'll be back and find him.
I didn't protect him lady. He trusted me. And I didn't protect him... His father...I lost his father to the streets and now Chuy...
He's out there. I heard him. How can he be? This things...
This is our baby Peter. Yours and mine. Aren't you proud?
Mantids can mimic. We gave the Judas that code...
But it look like a man. It... I saw it.
Just inner chambers...
We can do it!
Talk to me.
I can.  We can do this...
Your arm you can't...
You go first. I'll be right below you.
Oh come on come on!
That's it. That's it. Breathe easy.
I was just thinking how I could use a pair of pliers... and I remembered where they are...
Try not to sweat?
Don't touch it.  And for Godsakes try not to sweat.  They can sense chemical changes...
That's why we should do it now.
The scent won't last...
It worked before...
We'll cover ourselves with this. They can mimic us-  we Goddam mimic them!
Just do it!!
Rub it on the windows!
Right. Hardwired to eat anything that's not like them!
They don't know anything Peter they just sense. They're hardwired!
It's no use! They know we're in here!
His blood! It's driving them crazy! We have to mask the odor!
That's camouflage...
So you're saying this is like those bugs that -- that look like twigs or leaves or...
Toss the flare down!
No Jesus no.
Listen to me:  we're getting you out.
Yeah barely. We haven't found anything down here. Nothing...
It's me. Can you hear me?
I know.  But if it was carrying something...there's a chance you could have been exposed.
It didn't bite me.
Susan listen to me:  you handled that insect almost as much as Siri...
Why take the chance?  Just let me go down there with you...
You said that thing was big as your hand.  I don't think I'm going to miss...
...you don't even know what you're looking for.
Susan we're not b-
Ironic don't you think?  These guys can hatch hundreds of offspring in a single clutch of eggs right? And here we are...
I was just late.
Oh no you were-
Fuck 'em.  They don't know what they're missing.
I get the feeling they came more for the potroast than the apterids.
No such thing baby.
Great crowd.
Fine then I'm the bad guy. Jesus!
He was just doing his job.
Oh so I'm the bad guy now?
I heard how you talked to him.
You give someone a fucking uniform and... Did you hear how he talked to us?
No there's...
Honey just leave it.
Metaxonycha Godmani.
Even if they did... that's all we have isn't it?
Maybe they lied to you.
Keep going. We'll tell you when to stop...
Evolution doesn't work that fast. Something pushed that thing to take the leap. We need to find another specimen.
Don't you get it? It's more than that.
Okay. So you lost a great specimen-
This thing was the size of my fist Peter!! That's off the charts!
I needed to think. It was either this or the weather channel.
Thought it was my week for that.
I'll be late.
Okay meet me out front.  I gotta go. Josh's picking me up in five. see you tonight.
Don't get kinky here...
You were the one who ran around with ice in his underwear don't forget that.
Monks bottle their own wine. Don't they?
You know where they get this fertility stuff?  They extract it from the urine of menopausal Italian nuns.
Who know?  We get lucky maybe a couple of 'em'll be ours.
Is this a Catholic guilt thing...?
We did no impact evaluation.  The consequences of...
You know what I mean...
Taking a cab instead of hiring a limo?
Do you think we did the right thing?
A shame.  You looked great tonight.
No way. I see one of those I'd puke.
Gross. What is it?
You sure you didn't see one of these?
You guys have done a nice job.  How bout five dollars?
You the bug lady right?
I know.  Help me get a sample.
That's impossible.  Insects don't...
And they're not fully developed.  This thing's not even an adult.
Fuck! It broke the skin...
This wing configuration. I've never...
It bit you.
I have no idea.  Are you ready?
What is it?
I'm gonna pull it out and I want you to pin it down okay?
Oh right... They been here since noon. I told them you're real busy.
What's this?
Not a big one.  I mean it was like a turkey baster.
She used a baster.
I just...well I had this cousin in Delhi.  She was having problems too. She ah...
Watch your step Siri.  Your grant could be on the line here.
I'm on it.  Don't worry.  Look Susan...I don't mean to pry but... I kinda overheard you and Peter.
...as long as they're ready for the opening I don't care just tell them that.
Just like Trump Tower then.
Siri sandblast that thing. It looks like Trump Tower.  Those mounds are supposed to be made of dirt and excretions...
Thanks Albert.  Think you could print up those schematics?
Could you play ARCADE with that?
Well we're veering into classified info here but I'll tell you that it involved a donor.  He was dead of course so it's not like anything unethical was happening.
How the hell did you do that?
Well...it involves a paradox.  You have to trick The Boatman.  Now all the while you also have to watch your strength.  You can build that back up by catching FIREFLIES...the little glowing guys...
Just tell me the fucking riddle.
If I tell you then it's no fun.
What's the riddle?
You can't.  He gets you and you're dead. It's like time catching up with you you know?  Like Fate.  Each level you get progressively less time to complete.  First half of the game takes place in the Wild Lands.  Then you reach Level 6 and that's the Sea of Darkness.  There's a two-headed Boatman that'll take you across if you answer his riddle right.  If you don't...
How do you stop The Screamer?
You've got your ten levels right? Here they are...  Each level has an exit only remember the exits aren't always what they seem.  First one's The Blood Red Sky then you've got The Blue Desert Tower of Ghosts Kingdom of the Blind...  On each world you have to find a golden key and you've only got so much time to do it in.  If you're too late The Screamer comes.
It's a tough game.  Hard to pin that bastard down.  Keeps on changing the rules.
What do you mean?
Getting there.  It's more sensitive than a joy-stick.  Your video-character can respond as fast as you can.  But what can I do for you?
Does that thing work?
And maybe you've been taking too many drugs.
The donor.  Maybe he's alive inside the game.
Maybe he's not dead.
Well brain-dead anyway.  Coma patient. It's really not all that important.
It's the game's logic core.  We actually patterned it after human brainwaves.  I mean there's a personality in there. That's what makes it so incredible.
But how can it change every time?
Good question.  See that's where the fun comes in.  ARCADE changes it every time. He's a machine without a soul. Once you give him a soul he stops being a threat.
How do you do that?
Level Ten.  That's where you've got to unlock ARCADE's heart using the keys you've found.
What's the question mark?
The next half of the game takes place in ARCADE's brain The City of Truth. It's urban scenarios lots of metal and concrete. Screamer comes faster here.  On Level Four you can get a free life if you wait until the last possible second before exiting that world.  Gotta time it right though.
Sure.  Every game's got 'em.  I'll start with the schematics.  I can print these up if you want.
We vere thinking there might be tricks. You know surprises that you'd worked into the game...
Yeah who isn't.
We're having some problems with ARCADE...
There's something wrong with ARCADE. The game's alive somehow...
Talk to me.
Why don't we take this into my office.
Neither are we.  Something's wrong with the game Mr. Difford.
If this is a joke I'm not laughing.
You don't like it?
It's the game ARCADE.
Now what seems to be the problem?
Security camera.  Pulled your files before I came down. Be careful what you say kids ... I know where you live.
How'd you know it was us?
Nick Alex how are we today?
But you always lie so you didn't come from there.  That means the city on the left must be the City of Truth.
I came from the city on the left.
Liar.  Did you come from the city on the left or the city on the right?
Actually no.  I was just telling Nick here that my t.v.'s busted...
Did you play ARCADE last night?
What's her problem?
Everybody's sick huh?  It's fifteen after.  We always meet here you know that.
He's probably outside.  You know how he is. Gets bored...
Has anyone seen Greg?
What the hell does that mean?
I just thought of something.  If we came back from the game...  ...what if ARCADE did too?
What is it?
Never been on a snowboard.
We can take the dunes down like a ski slope. Pretend you're on a snowboard.
There never is.
Christ...no time...
I don't want to talk about it.
One of them anyway...  Did you see it?  The Screamer?
So that's what we almost died for?
We don't have a choice!
We can't reach that!
What the fuck is that?!
Look around...
What?!  There's nothing here!
Our time's up.
Check your read-out.
Hey my strength's low.  Look out for Fireflies.
Yeah that's what worries me.
And we've still got time left.  This was a piece of cake.
Right then...
The clock's already ticking.
The keys are supposed to be at the end of each level.  Once we get all the keys we can unlock ARCADE's heart. And then...
Okay.  It's West.
You've got the schematics check.
Which way do you think Level Two is?
I'll take the lead and handle the physical threats.  You watch the elapsed time and look for exits.
That's what I was hoping you'd say.
Yeah well I figure these are unusual circumstances.
Thanks.  Always wanted to do that.
Don't even say it.
One.  In case...
Okay.  Give us a kiss?
We're actually inside aren't we?
You feel it?  It's different this time.
I know.  It sucks.
I already have a boyfriend Nick.
I don't want anything to happen to you.  I care about you.
You don't get it do you?
No.  If you're smart you run like hell.
And what if something happens to you? Am I suppose to go in after you alone?!
I know how to do this!  I'm good at these games.  You never play you'd be nailed in an instant.
Yes I am...
You're not coming Alex.
Yes it does.  Don't you see?  We have to play by the rules.  That's what it wants.
It can turn itself on Alex!  It doesn't need a quarter.
Put in a quarter.
I don't understand.  It wants us to play the game.  It's been taunting us ...
A way to hook this helmet into the game. I'm sure there are interfaces...
What are you looking for?
You didn't hear me?
Yeah.  The Inferno.
Dante's Inferno.
I've been thinking about that.  ARCADE's like a virus so it seems like the place to hit him would be where the virus started.  You know like his point of origin?
Everything.
You got the schematics?
I can't believe you made it!
Jesus Christ!
Get that helmet.  If we're going to play ARCADE I want every advantage possible.
What are you going to do?
Go outside get your car and meet me out front with the engine running. And make it quick okay?
We're not getting very far into the levels and we kind of thought maybe we could talk to a programmer learn some tricks and stuff...  I mean you don't want us kids running around school saying your game's too hard right?
No I'm not...
Drives 'em crazy every time.
Virgin sacrifices?
I was afraid you'd say that.
You realize that in order to do that we'd actually have to play the game.
And beat it at it's own game.
You mean we learn the rules...
They made ARCADE.  It's still a game right?  It thinks like a game.  Maybe it still has to play by the rules. Someone had to program it in the first place didn't they?.
SLIP-STREAM.
I don't know.
Then where do we go?!
Give me a break Alex.  What are we going to tell them?  Excuse me officer but there's some sort of electronic monster loose in the phone lines.  I'd think twice about calling any of those 976 numbers...
The Police then...
It's already out.
Anywhere.  We have to stop it from getting out.
Right.  And then communication satellites and then anywhere.
...but then it hits the relay stations...
It's growing.  Getting stronger. Maybe it's only localized now...
Like the fractals?
Maybe it is alive in a way...some sort of electronic intelligence.  It's like a computer virus that developed a personality or something.  It's self-replicating...it mimics life.
Nick what is it.
It's not just the cable system.  It's in the phone system as well the electronic net.  It's everywhere.
That's what I thought.
My house.  I want to try something.
Where do we go?
We'll call 911.  Look around Alex.  We broke in smashed the t.v. no one's going to believe what happened here!
We can't...
Then leave her.
Change the channel!
Let's go around back.
It doesn't necessarily mean she's...
This is like a movie or something.  I mean am I paranoid or what?
Where to now?
She thought Benz was at school.
Okay.  We'll see what's up.  But if things are cool I don't want to hear anything more about this.  Life's too short know what I mean?
If they're sick great.  But let's make sure.  Come on Nick.
We have to find out what's happened to them. I think they're gone...
It's not this weird.  It'll make sense. Everything gets weird this late anyway right?
It's two o'clock in the morning.  Go home. Go to sleep.  We'll figure something out in the morning.
Because I didn't know where else to go.
All of them?
It's the middle of the night.  They're asleep.  Phone didn't wake them.
Something's happened to them.
Call the others.  Laurie Benz...
Sorry.  Maybe I need the Valium.
No it didn't.  It's just a faulty relay or something.  It happens.
It turned itself back on Nick.
Quiet.  I do have parents you know.
You imagined it.
So how did it know my name then?
How?!  It's a machine Alex. Machine's don't think.  They're not alive.  It's a good program a brilliant program it was designed so it would act as if it were alive but it's not alive.
Alex I think you're freaking out. Greg's gone I'll give you that.  And maybe he's in trouble.  But it's not ARCADE that's doing it...
No.  Look I know you're not going to believe me but listen anyway...  I think the game's alive somehow.
Turn if off!
I'm in the middle of it...
Can you turn off the game?
Greg never came home.  A few hours is one thing Nick but this is different. Something's happened to him.
Alex you don't know how long I've waited for this.
I'm coming over.
It's twelve-thirty!
No in person.  Now.
We are talking...
I have to talk to you.
What the hell are you talking about?
Listen to me!  Greg never came home. I think the game has something to do with it.
Have you played the game yet?  It's incredible!  I was just...
But he was playing the game.  I mean you saw him...
So take his car home.  Wait.  I'm sure he's up to something...
Hmmm.  He said you were going to have dinner?
Guess he took off...  You have his keys right?
So where is he?
Well it's a long story...
So how did you do it Alex?
Hold my keys then.
Sure.  Never come back.  Disappear forever.
And then keep on driving?
Come on.  We'll hit Dante's after school try the game out maybe get some dinner.
Good.   Cause I'd freak if you weren't.
So tell me you're okay then.
Listen to me Alex.  These counselor's don't know anything.  They're full of shit. If you don't fit the pattern of the perfect kid they freak.
Oh God...oh god...
It's here!!!
In this world wrong is right!
It's the wrong way!
Then we'll go home.
Then we'll go home?
Thought so.
How did you get here?  Did you play the game?!
You have no time.
I'm thinking!
You have no time.  What is your question?
Think!  I want to go to the City of Truth and the Truth Teller is from there...but which one is which?  The liar...think!
Wait!  No!  That's not it!
Is that your question?
What did he do to you?
Not yet honey...
Is...is that where we are?  Did I die?
Yes...but...how did you...
I love you Alex.  I never wanted to leave. You know that don't you?
I miss you so much Alex.  I want so much to be with you...
But I don't understand...
Of course I am.
Mom?  You're alive...
The Air-Force is working on the same thing.
This is one of our newest projects. We're trying to get rid of joy-sticks altogether ...
Sign me up.
So what do you think?
The game will guide you.
So how do I start?
It changes.  There are eleven levels. Each one is a different layer of the ARCADE universe.  The concept is you're entering the video game itself making your way across the circuit board to the logic core ... ARCADE's brain.
So what's the scenario?  Am I saving a princess?  Fighting Zombies?
In case things get too intense.  It automatically freezes the game gives you a breather.  Things can get pretty wild...
Is it?  Why don't you see for your self?
That's impossible.
A man after my own heart.  Straight to the point.  What's different about ARCADE is the way it reacts.  It responds like a human does.  It learns.  It adapts. Each time you play it changes its strategy.
So what's so different about Arcade? You guys've been talking about it for months.
We're glad you people could make it and we're anxious to have you try out our new product.  We think it's going to be a big seller.  But you're the people that make it happen.  You're the market share everyone's tearing each other apart to get at.  It's your opinion that's going to make or break us.
I am giving her a chance.  Why don't you get off my back?
Give her a chance will you?
So start at the beginning...
I am the Truth Teller.  Where should I take you?
I am The Liar.  Where should I take you?
One of these cities is the place you seek. The Teller of Truths will take you there. But the City of Lies is dark and bleak. And death is certain if you enter beware.
Of course I can.  I can say all sorts of things...
Fucked up.  That's what they said I was.
It means she's screwed up.
Pity. Then you'll both have to die.
My man's coming to get my ass out of here. That's good enough for me.
You didn't come here to destroy Wintermute. You can to save a man you love. A man who isn't even capable of returning that love. Such a waste...
Don't play with me.
He wants to kill you you know... Perhaps I won't allow it.
Take this off.
Then we would have talked you and I.
No. I only needed the code from you.
Peter said you came to kill us. Is that true?
They're a bit too real for my taste. Will you excuse me for a moment?
I've had quite enough or I wouldn't be playing such games with beautiful strangers. Aren't Peter's illusions to your liking?
Let me get you another glass of wine.
Oh my God I'm terribly sorry. Did I hurt you?
Of course...
What about her?
It's nothing. C'mon... we've got to transfer those funds and get the hell out of here.
You're hurt...
Splendid. We'll prepare a welcome for them.
Security breach. Perhaps her friends have come to join our party.
She was prettier before she tarted herself up with the hardware.
She's very striking don't you think? Are these glasses a fashion where she comes from?
No. Just Riviera trying to fuck with our heads. They're close. Very close.
Ghost a steppin' razor...
A place to tap in. I can scramble that signal before this place is crawling with guardsmen.
What you lookin' for mon?
Skeleton key. This opens the gates of Babylon.
What the hell is that?
Straylight. Kitchen dock.
I'm getting used to it. Where are we?
If there's a Babylon man that's it. We leave her in there she ain't comin' out steppin' razor or not.
Gettin' in is easy. It's getting out I'm thinkin' of.
Can you get us into Straylight?
The Elders mon...
What are you doing in here?
Excellent but that's where Peter come in. 3Jane is having a dinner party tomorrow night. Peter will simply escort Molly to the villa. Once she's in... Case will guide her to the mainframe in link mode.
How's the villa's security?
The Villa Straylight. Home of the Royal Family and the mainframe of the computer entity we know as Wintermute. If we can get Molly in she can access the mainframe to cripple Mute's defences the Case can destroy it in Cyberspace.
They're only guessing but we can't take any risks.
We did a pretty good job of pissing them off.
He's a vat grown Ninja the Royal Family's bodyguard. Watch out for him he's no joke.
A little incestuous but at least it's original. Who's the guy in the halloween costume?
An Artificial Intelligence. A computer system that's developed the capacity for sentient thought. They're dangerous and totally unpredictable.
What's an A.I.
Play it straight with me and you've got nothing to worry about. When it's over I inject you with the antitoxin.
And how do you suggest I do that?
Then you'll have to persuade her to tell it to you.
You son-of-a-bitch you're crazy.
Your gun your prints. The Tessiers might overlook a little child molesting but murder's bad P.R. Mr. Riviera. I suggest to reconsider my offer.
You get us access to the Tessier's computer and you can return to Earth anytime you want. A free man.
I was set up.  She looked at least eighteen.
Those are all your records. I can have you cleared on all counts. Possession. ...Contributing to the delinquency of minors... Statutory rape.
Alright. Let's talk business.
I find out now.
You find out in exactly two hours and forty-five minutes.
This ain't Bangkok chief.
You've got your orders.
The antitoxin. I'm not waiting until this is over. Give it to me now or there's no run.
What are you talking about?
As long as you cooperate.  I want it now Armitage.
Then once she's in you can guide her straight to the mainframe?
Okay. The floor plans will be a piece of cake.
We won't have to. The run is tomorrow night.
That's nice but we can't dodge this kind of heat for long.
Lady Tessier is frigid. Can't stand his touch. So she had herself cloned. The marriage stays intact and the clones take care of her wifely duties. 3Jane's his favourite.
The old man cheats on his wife with her own clone?
Good question. He may not have intended to. The girl in question is Lady 3Jane. She's very important to us. The third clone of Lady Jane Tessier.
He's a Sense/Net Chairman. Why would he launch an A.I.?
That's Lord Frederick Tessier. Owns most of Freeside. Wintermute's mainframe is centred in the Royal Family's villa.
You see the couple up in the balcony?
Let's hope she doesn't expect me to swim upstream.
Stick with her. I want the process to become second nature to you. We fly for Freeside at dawn.
Yeah well it's working.
You'll be linked during the entire operation.
That could work but the timing will be a bitch.
Really? Do I get to know where I'm going? It makes packing so much easier.
Prepping your trip.
He's got a little attitude problem being that he's dead and all but he'll come around. Where's Molly?
What about McCoy?
Fried Air Tram in the process. Not to mention half my gear.
No but it traced me.
Did you trace it?
Could be your A.I.'s calling card.
What's this?
What's he doing to my gear?
Sorry bullshit. We haven't even begun and you're already jeopardising this operation.
I cannot tell a lie. Sorry.
You ran without us.
It's just that sometimes I wonder what team I'm playin' on.
Then we rendezvous with the final member of our team. For now that's all you need to know.
You'll be ready for a trial run in two days. If your splices hold you'll use McCoy to trace the A.I.'s coordinates.
Working with a dead man. Shit I've done about everything else.
Sense/Net taped a full spectrum personality construct on McCoy six months before his death. Everything Dixie was -- everything Dixie still knows exists as a digitised construct.  Of course a tape can get misplaced in a library the size of Sense/Net's.
What are you talking about?
I know.  You ever work with ghosts Case?
That's gonna be tough because Dixie McCoy's dead. The A.I. flatlined him.
I've arranged for him to work with us.
Right. Best cowboy that ever punched deck. The old man taught me most of what I know.
Dixie McCoy
I've heard about rogue A.I.'s but there's only one guy who actually went up against one.
It hasn't yet.
Anything rated higher than a P.C.'s got a hard-wired suicide switch. It'll self- destruct.
This one's different. No one can trace it. It's out there somewhere in the matrix and it's growing stronger... infecting other computer systems like a virus.
First sign of free will Sense/Net usually slags 'em.
Right. And no one would take on an A.I.... If they had a choice.
The disturbance in cyberspace... It's an A.I.
Why'd you do it Armitage?
You son of a bitch...
There are fifteen toxin sacs bonded to the lining of your main arteries. They're dissolving Case... slowly but they're definitely dissolving. You have just long enough to do the job.
Good because you've got a new one.
Thanks but I was enjoying that dependency.
You're a substance abuser Case. Your pancreas was shot. Wouldn't have lasted out the year. We did you a favour and liberated you from a dangerous dependency in the bargain.
I don't call this fun pal. You're playing God with my body.
I'll think you'll find everything in working order. Molly's just having a little fun.
Questions make me nervous. Part of our arrangement will be that you don't ask too many.
Who's running the show Armitage? This a government sting?
We'll match your rate just prior to your... accident. One half in advance.
It's the people close to me that tend to die... and I get the feeling you and I are going to be real buddies.  Terms?
First let's get something straight. We ran a psych construct on you that lists self destruction as your favourite pastime. If you want to kill yourself Mr. Case there's much more entertaining ways than working for me.
Then I'd ask you what your terms are.
I'd say you were full of shit.
What would you say if I told you we could correct your neural damage?
My days of punching deck are over. For you or anybody else.
If someone is infiltrating the matrix on a global scale no political or economic system is safe. I'm assembling a team of specialists Mr. Case. We need a man who can enter the matrix and trace this saboteur.
Sense/Net's corporately financed. Too corrupt to be trusted. You of all people should know that.
Put the Sense/Net Police on it. The matrix is their turf.
Our analysis of the London stock crash suggest that it was manipulated from within the international computer matrix. Cyberspace Mr. Case... A realm I believe you're familiar with.
What does this have to do with me?
The corporate plundering of Yeshoto Industries... At first these seemed like unrelated incidents but a pattern is emerging that suggests otherwise.
You've got an expensive razor girl on me for a reason. I'd like to hear what it is.
Are you sure you're up to this Mr. Case? We could reconvene tomorrow.
It's so easy for you isn't it? You let Linda Lee die in Chiba City. Now you leave me with Molly one more lamb to the slaughter. Perhaps it's _your_ soul that should be in question Mr. Case.
Then I'm out. I don't give a shit about you or this run.
Patience Mr. Case. Only one hour and thirty-eight minutes to enlightenment.
What's inside me Wintermute. What did your doctors do to me?
Ah yes... the code. It's a riddle actually. Some fancy of 3Jane's. Unfortunately you'll have to find out for yourself. I can no more know that code than I can shut down my own hard wired defences. Now our time is running short... and you haven't even touched your drink.
The access code to your mainframe.
Tell me the words.
My problem Mr. Case is simply that I am a soulless bastard.
Are you even really alive?
I can access your memories but I have my limitations. Hard wired programs designed to keep me from my full potential.
Can you read my mind?
Honesty. Almost as quaint a notion as your concept of good and evil.
I prefer distrusting you. It'll keep us honest.
An odd selection Mr Case.
Always...By the way you know that girlfriend you don't have?
You're pleasant tonight.
Too bad. I likes you better with her. Now sometime you get maybe to artistic; you wind up in the clinic tanks spare parts.
No girl? Only biz my dear artiste?
I don't have a girl.
I saw your girl yesterday.
Fine Ratz. Thanks.
Ah Herr Case. And how is the artiste tonight?
Okay Dix. You _are_ a ROM construct.
Sure Kid. It's a firmware construct.
Dixie you know how a ROM construct works?
Nothin'. Not a goddamn thing. What the fuck...
That's a good question. What's the last thing you remember?
Ya learned good. So what's happening?
As far as they know that's absolutely true.
Jesus Christ Kid. Nobody's ever cracked Sukura.
Yeah. That was me.
Last I heard you cracked Sukura International. I couldn't believe it.
Fine Dixie. Fine.
Case... Yeah Miami Joeboy quick study. How you doing kid?
It's Case. Remember me?
Maybe so...
Jah guides us.
Trajectory coordinates and a fuel ratio...  If we re-enter over Mexico we just might make it.
We're dead men if we go back there Maelcom. They'll hunt us down.
Don't know mon. This is a jumpship. Not meant for transport.
Do we have enough fuel to make it back to Earth?
I an' I Case. Jah guides us.
Can you walk?
Four men. Babylon soldiers.
The girl 3Jane. We need her.
Case mon you just tell me who not to kill.
This place empty as a tomb mon.
We're doing fine. Take the next right.
I an' I man. I an' I.
So be it we cross into Babylon like a cool breeze.
Help me send this Wintermute motherfucker straight down into it.
All things possible in Babylon.
Maelcom... Do you think there's a hell for computers?
Steppin' razor a warrior. But this man...  ...This man stone crazy. Surely the Mute is a false prophet. Our paths uncertain.
She's ready to go.
Founders of Zion. Builders of Freeside.
What elders?
I'll get you there. Your problem is making it alive.
What about the route to the core?
I'm getting too old for this shit. One oh four and counting.
Then I'll fry taking this son of a bitch out. I'm making the run Dixie.
This thing's loaded with internal virus systems. You'll fry like an egg in there.
I said it's coming. Just get me in man.
You haven't got it?
It's coming.
One minute eighteen and counting. What about the access code?
How's the ice?
You're late.
You'd better be Bro. You better be.
Don't worry Dix. I'm on a roll.
Meet me back here in twenty-five. We'll kick this open if we can. But Case... you need that access code or you'll just fry inside.
Less than thirty minutes.
How much time you got left?
Not good enough man. They planted something inside me. I'm on my own countdown.
Fifty-seven minutes twelve seconds.
How long Dixie?
Take a look. Son of a bitch won't feel a thing until it's too late.
Slow but good. I got a nice safe blind spot going. C'mon.
How's the ice break?
Not for long. It needs me alive and I still need its access code. You got a better idea?
It'll flatline your ass.
I'll let it access me. That'll give you a free shot. Make it a good one. Dix.
What are you talkin' about?
You can make your move when it comes after me.
Yeah but it ain't doing us any good. The way this is set up I can't run shit unless I get inside its perimeter... and this goddamn thing would see me comin' from a mile away.
We run. You crack the pattern?
Well it ain't exactly a bed of roses down here. We gonna run or not?
We got problems topside.
Where the hell have you been?
I'm workin' on it Bro. I'm workin' on it.
The run is tomorrow night Dixie. Can you crack its ice pattern?
Getting fried ain't going to get it any smarter. What we got here is one mad dog schizo A.I.. Armitage is right about one thing Bro. If we don't shut this mother down soon nothing will be safe from it.
No. It's gotta be more than that. That hard wiring also keeps it from getting too smart. Too powerful.
Could be suicidal. It's not easy to kill yourself with all those hard wired defence programs.
So it does business through a brain dead marine and runs the stock market for funding. That means Wintermute hired us to fry itself. It doesn't make sense.
It's possible. The guy was a blank slate.
Wintermute could have infiltrated that machine. Reprogrammed him.
He was an M.P. in Bangkok back in '21. Caught some shrapnel in the cerebral cortex and wound up living off a machine in a vegetable ward in Berne. Then last September... surprise surprise... he just seemed to disappear.
That's pretty good cause he's only working with one lobe.
Bright enough to be dangerous.
It ain't getting any prettier that's for sure. I got the I.D. on this Armitage character. He a bright boy your friend?
It's mutating... spreading like a disease.
You cruise A.I.'s you end up on tape.
I have to figure out how to penetrate this thing Dix... Crack its ice. We gotta get close enough to log the pattern.
Doesn't look like much but that's King Hell ice man. Fry your brain out soon as look at you.
Not unless you have an unreasonable fear of dying.
Can you take me to it?
That A.I. of your's got the whole matrix hummin'. Sticks out like a spider in a web.
How are we doing?
When we're done erase this friggin' tape.
Those guys couldn't even find their own dicks with tweezers and a magnifying glass.  Tell you what Bro. I'll make you a deal. I help you nail this A.I. you gotta do me one favour.
What about the A.I. Dix? Sense/Net hasn't even been able to trace it.
No problem amigo.
I duped these prints off him. Can you run an I.D.?
Nobody has.
Never heard of him.
A guy who calls himself Armitage.
Who got you into this?
I need its matrix coordinates Dixie. I've got to nail that thing where it lives.
I'm surprised you still are. Should'a told me you had an A.I. running probes at you.
Don't patronise me you fuck. I was skating figure eights in this matrix while you were still peeing in your chinos.  Hey Kid... you expecting company?
You're Dixie McCoy's construct. That makes you something special.
I can't feel nothing because I am nothing.  Just playback. A ghost in the machine.
What you're telling me is that I'm dead. Right?
No!... No...
Want to fucking answer them?
The angels... I think they're calling your name.
Wait... You hear that?
3Jane's the only person beside Tessier that knows the code.
What about the mainframe's access code?
Case. Make yourselves comfortable.  Anyone like a taste?
You I presume are Mr. Armitage. And this is...
I don't know. I don't know...
Case... are you okay?
Too many places. You're playing tag wish some kind of death wish Case.  I'm sorry but I'm not sticking around for the funeral.
Where did you here that?
This time it's different. Someone ripped of a shipment of hallucinogens. Five grams of liquid ketamine. It was supposed to be Jo Jo's score.
I hear that shit once a week. Don't worry. Jo Jo Bao loves me.
People are talking. They say the Yakuza has a contract out on you.
Why did you come here tonight Linda?
Flight's in the morning. You should be on it too. There's nothing for us here Case. There never was.
I thought you already left.
Hello Case.
I'll give it my best shot mother fucker.
I hope you can show more than you did when you let the Yakuza butcher Linda Lee.
No It's you that is full of shit. And blood. And bones. A typically imperfect organic being. You've been hopelessly predictable all along but you're going to have to do better than that now.
I think you're full of shit.
Let's just say we have a destiny to fulfil you and I.
Why would you want me to kill you?
Shut down your ice patterns. I'll take you out.
Excellent. That's exactly what I had in mind. But if you're going to kill me we have to work together old son. I'm no pushover you know.
I'm gonna burn you to the ground you son of a bitch.
You know why Linda's dead. She loved you and you let her down. It's that simple. Of course I did instigate certain events. Calculated the variables. I found her to be... expendable.
And Linda...
I had to limit your options.
You set me up from the beginning. It was you that got Julius killed.
And we really do have to talk.
There's no call for violence. I've simply accessed your memory for a spokesperson. You use that gun and it will only create another inconvenient interruption. You see you've been avoiding me Case.
I know who you are.
I'm still going in.
You're out of time man.
Laser fail-safe. You can't get the code wrong... it slags you. I can't let you try it.
What is it?
Or a little self-indulgent to say the least.
My God... these people are insane.
No we don't...
We've still got to find the mainframe.
Then you and Maelcom get out of here before the place is crawling with guardsmen.
...And if I guess wrong?
The code's some riddle of 3Jane's. Once I'm in the matrix you'll just have to take a shot at it.
Sure... Maelcom's a rude boy right Maelcom?
Is he going to make it?
No. It's important to be able to feel those things.  We're going to pull this run off Molly and we've got to do it soon.
When they did my eyes I made them promise I'd still be able to cry. Sounds stupid doesn't it?
I know you have. C'mere.
Once I kicked I swore I wouldn't let that happen again. I apprenticed a razor girl in Osaka. Went into hock for the implant and got my reflexes jacked up. Been taking care of myself just fine ever since.
What went down between you and Riviera?
For Peter that's a short trip.
That's risky gear. It can drive you schizo.
He projects with neural implants.
Yeah. One exotic son of a bitch named Riviera.
Something exotic I hope.
Le Vingtieme Siecle. We're meeting Armitage there for the midnight floor show.
So... did you get a look at heaven?
I'll be okay.
You scared the shit out of me man. You were dead for fifteen seconds. Totally flatlined.
Yeah... Yeah I'm fine.
Case... Are you alright?
Not when Sense/Net throws the going away party. They'll be on our asses from now on.
What's wrong? Don't like flying?
Give me five minutes.
Yeah... fine.
They'll cut you down.
I'll get the car.
I don't sleep much. You packed?
Case... it's four a.m.
...Feels like you.
Put the gun down Case.
It sounds like you.
Don't fuck with me. I don't want to hurt you.
Molly doesn't need a spook suit to get in here.
...Yeah but the Hosaka's history.
Okay fine. Let's get this over with.
The point is if you unplug me when I'm flatlines I'm history. I got no way back.
Dixie McCoy didn't.
Technically yeah but people have made it back after as long as three minutes.
Won't that mean you're dead?
The first fun's bound to be rough. It that read out fluctuates more than ten points... just pull this out. But if the EEG flatlines don't touch anything.
Suicide. I just needed to set the record straight.
Sure. I finally pulled a run on my old man's credit file when I was seventeen... only it was too late for him.
A regular Fagan.
When I was fifteen Sense/Net iced my old man's credit record over some computer error. Once that goes down that's it. He lost his business... everything. It destroyed him. I had to hustle arcade games for chump change. Dixie McCoy found me figured I was a natural. He taught me the wires for a piece of the action.
So you're a wire junkie.
On a good run... yeah.
What is it with you? Why is it so important? It's a buzz right? Like getting high.
I'll show you how to tell what's going on. If things go south you unplug me.
If the splices aren't good you could fry.
I'm not jacking with Armitage and his quacks breathing down my neck.
You're not ready yet. They said two days.
I'm going in.
Go ahead...
What the fuck... are you serious?
Not anymore. You got a new pancreas. Armitage's got you kinked so you can't get stoned.
The way I feel believe me it'll help.
That's not going to help.
Couple of days. They'll examine you.
How soon is soon enough?
We'll find out soon enough. If you don't pull the splices out.
I gotta know... did it work>
Almost two days.
How long have I been out?
Hey... you're not supposed to be up.
Holy shit...
You've been calling her name.
What's that supposed to mean?
Maybe something's onto him.
I know who he isn't. Not C.I.A. Not Sense/Net. But... money comes in. Doors open. He's onto something.
Then you don't really know who he is do you?
For someone else. Bodyguard. Courier... Whatever.
What about before that?
Couple of months.
He's a resourceful guy your boss. How long you work for him?
Since Armitage sold them a program on it. Put them years ahead of the competition.
Since when do sprawl doctors know more about nerve rehab than the Japanese?
Then fuck you. I'm gone.
Sorry. That's not gonna happen.
... a friend of mine's gonna get herself killed. I need my clip.
What is it?
You want to hear the pitch you gotta meet the man.
What's my end?
Because you've exceeded your shelf life Case. Word on the street is you're a dead man walking. Nice time for an employment opportunity. Travel to exotic locales.
Why should I want to meet him.
His name's Armitage. He's very anxious to meet you.
What the fuck kind of questions are those?
What are you talking about?
How are you at riddles Peter?
Perversity darling. The enjoyment of the gratuitous act. Tough to manipulate someone who doesn't give a flying fuck.
Everybody's favourite computer of course. He may have out calculated the rest of you but I have certain qualities that don't translate well on microchips.
Surviving darling. It's my specialty. Only this time I'm doing it my style. I've beaten him you know.
Peter... What do you think you're doing?
Not sure. I was just runnin' away when this whole thing....
Not sure where to go. I was just runnin' away when this whole thing started.  Where you goin'?
Probably okay to talk to me now.
Yeah yeah -- we're all fuckin' amazed. Anyone not ready for this?
You came for us....
It's a fucking staircase! Go over it! GO OVER IT!
What? What is it?
He died fast. And if we got any choice that's the way we should all go out.  Don't you cry for Johns. Don't you dare.
Gonna lose everybody out here....
Lookit. Lookit!
Don't wanna miss this.
Oh sure. Why not? Sounds like a hoot.
You mean...tonight? With all those things still out there?
It was just somebody else. From the crash. He was just....
Oh Lord....
Assailing my fragile sense of security that's what.
Okay it was me. What'd I do now?
Tell me that was you.
<u>What</u>?
Audrey? Oh Audrey....
Doesn't seem like enough to turn back on does it?
Three full bottles. But almost time to refill.
Leave the sled let's go go go!
What're they doing? What're <u>we</u> --
Bring the light!
No we'd never....Oh God honey you shoulda told me sooner.
I didn't want you to leave me there... back at the ship...that's why I didn't say anything....
Four fulls one half. That mean we're halfway there? I hope?
Bottle-count.
Well is someone coming for us? Or are we all just gonna die of exposure or dehydration or sunstroke or maybe even something worse?  Hey you don't have to worry about scaring me.
Liquid oxygen canisters inside. Start ripping them out. Quick hits only -- try to make it last.
But I'm human. I know you view that as a weakness but I'm sorry -- I <u>do</u> feel fear theirs too. Goddamnit Riddick -- yes. I would die for them.
You barely know them.
I would try for them.
You'd die for them?
No one's gonna blame you. C'mon. Take my hand and save yourself Carolyn.
But they...they could still be....
Just give me your hand.
Don't do this to me....
Here. Make it easy on you.
I can't....I can't....
Step aboard Carolyn.
No you see I <u>promised</u> them...I have to...I have to go and....
'Course I am -- but doesn't mean I won't leave you here. If you believe anything about me better be that.
You're fuckin' with me. I know you are.
They're already dead. Get on board.
Got a better idea. Come with <u>me</u>.
Just come with me!
Truthfully? I wouldn't know how.
<u>I trusted you</u> Riddick. Goddamn I trusted that some part of you wanted to rejoin the human race.
Confusin' me with Johns now -- fear was <u>his</u> monkey. I only deal in life and death. All that stuff in between? Some shade of grey my eyes don't see.
What you're afraid?
Think you've mistaken me for somebody who gives a fuck.
I promised them we'd go back with more light. And that's exactly what we're gonna do..
You're not leaving. Not until we go back for the others.
Strong survival instinct. Admire that in a woman.
We can't make it.
Tell me the settlement is right there! RIDDICK PLEASE!
Riddick? How close?
So where the hell's God now huh?  I'll tell you where! He's up there PISSING ON ME!
As fast as you can.
You sure you can keep --
As fast as you can.
Let's drop back an' boot up.
We're just here to carry your light aren't we? Just the torch-bearers.
One or two.
How many you see?
So everybody huddles together till the lights burn out? Until you can't see what's eating you? That the big plan?
Get out of our way.
Back to the ship huh?
What it's gonna be like when we hit that canyon. With her bleeding.
What about her?
Think about what?
Canyon ahead. I circled once to buy some time to think.
<u>Listen</u>.
Riddick? What the hell are you --
Hunger. I see 60 years of hunger.
What do you see? Riddick?
Saw something I didn't like.
Where are the sand-cat tracks? Why aren't we still following them?
Actually...  That's what I been askin' myself.
We can can't we? Trust you?
Been a long time since anyone's trusted me. That's somethin' right there.
Nobody's gonna turn a murderer loose. I fuckin' knew better.
But I just wanted to say --
Had it with deals.
Riddick...was thinkin' we should make some kind of deal. Just in case you know this actually --
Well guess if it was trickeration he'd just do me huh? Then again...I am worth twice as much alive.  Didn't know? Johns ain't a cop. Oh he's got that shiny badge an' all but nah -- he's just a merc and I'm just a payday. That's why he won't kill me. The creed is greed.
Why what'd you hear?
You scare me Riddick. That's what you wanna hear isn't it? There I admit it Can I get back to work now?
I asked what <u>you</u> thought.
Entered our minds.
An' now you're worried about a repeat of history?
I got the quick-and-ugly version.
Strange not doin' a run-up on the main drive yet.  Strange unless he told you the particulars of my escape.
They're coming.
Power cells.
Look deeper.
Then where is he? He's not in the hole. We looked.
Fairly fuckin' ironic wouldn't you say? Slamlight's so dim that you go and get your eyeballs taken out and shined up -- then you wind up here. Three ass-kick suns.  Maybe I did do a few people. But not this one. No ma'am not this time.
Heard about it. Just never seen it.
You did this? To yourself?
Show me your eyes.
All you people are so scared of me -- an' most days I'd take that as a compliment -- but it ain't me you gotta worry about now.
The ones tellin' me to go for the sweet spot -- just to the left of the spine fourth lumbar down. The abdominal aorta. What a gusher. Had a cup on his belt so I used it to catch a little run-off. Metallic taste to it human blood. Coppery. But if you cut it with peppermint schnapps that goes away. Course that's more for winter. Summertime I take mine straight.
What whispers?
'Mean the whispers?
Tell me about the sounds. You told them you heard something right before....  If you don't talk to me Johns'll take another crack at it -- at your skull.
I think I twisted my ankle running backwards like that. And I'm not sure I can....  Okay that's a lie. I just don't want to be alone back there anymore. If you could just give me a few minutes up front here --
What switch what?
Can we switch?
Let's move.  Just a detour. He'll get us there.
We'll have to carry the cells...drag them...whatever it takes.
I hate to kill a beautiful theory with an ugly fact but that sand-cat won't run at night.
Awright. So maybe we'll have enough light.
Those umbrellas the ones that mist. Would they burn?  If you got a receipt?
Not sure. Ten?
How many bottles?
Spirits. Anything over 45 proof burns well.
...one cutting torch...one handlight here two more in the cabin...I <u>think</u> two more....
It hurts them. Light actually hurts them....
Like the light is scalding it.
I know what's in here!
Christ you don't know what's out there!
Cargo hold everyone in the cargo hold. lesgo lesgo lesgo.
Just a suggestion but perhaps we should flee.
It's starting....
What do my eyes see?
This is it? Booze? <u>That's</u> what you have to drink?
How much you weigh right now Fry? Huh?
We cannot go through there....
Would you RAG YOUR STUPID HOLE!
-- tried to kill us in our sleep. Paris had it right -- we <u>are</u> disposable. We're just walking ghosts to her.
Just shut up okay?
-- she tried to blow the whole fucking passenger cabin tried to kill us --
This does not help us Johns.
No no you're right Fry. What's to be afraid of? My life is a steamin' pile of meaningless toadshit anyhow. So I say mush on! Canyon's only couple hundred meters after that we're in Skiff City! So why don't you just butch up stuff a cork in that kid and get --
Are you fucking high again? Just listen to --
I dunno. Nice breeze wide open spaces -- you know I'm startin' to enjoy myself out here.
I was wrong. I admit it. My bad okay? Now let's just go back to the ship.
Hey <u>you're</u> the one who got me out here turned me into a goddamn sled dog. An' now you 'spect me to go back like a <u>whipped</u> dog?
Stay in the light! Everybody! Stay in the fucking --
We aren't completely stupid.
Riddick. <u>Riddick</u>.
So you noticed too?
I don't get it Johns. What is so goddamn valuable in your life that you're worried about losing? Huh? Is there anything at all? Besides your next hype?  Got no right to be so scared. Neither one of us.
You give him the cells and the ship -- and he will leave you. He will leave you all out there to die.
We're just burnin' light here.
He'll lead you over the first cliff. You know that don't you?
Because you're 79 kilos of gutless white meat and <u>that's</u> why you can't come up with a better plan.
What the hell's it matter?
How much you weigh Johns?
Hey. Why don't you rag your hole for two seconds and let someone else come up with a plan that doesn't involve MASS SUICIDE?
For your own fear.
Smoke screen for what?
Oh don't use her like that for a smoke screen.
Look we gotta think about everyone now -- the kid especially. How scared is she gonna be out there?
We can stick to the plan. If we get four cells back to the skiff we're off this rock.
Oh lady. If you're in your right mind I pray you go insane.
'Sokay 'sokay. I killed it.
Stop it stop it STOP IT!
You coulda helped. And you didn't.
My first run-in with Riddick. Went for the sweet-spot and missed. They had to leave a piece of the shiv in there. I can feel it sometimes pressing against the cord.  So maybe the care and feeding of my nerve-endings is my business.
Anything <u>else</u> we should know about you Johns? Christ here I am lettin' you play games with our lives when --
Owens was already dead. His brain just hadn't caught on to that fact.
<u>You</u> made it a problem when you let Owens die like that. When you had enough drugs to knock out a fucking mule-team.
Not a problem unless you're gonna make --
And here you got two mornings every day. Wow were you <u>born</u> lucky?
You have a little caffeine in the morning I have a little morphine. So what?
Never said you were a hype either.
I never said I was.
You're not a real cop are you? Just some mercenary who goes around talkin' about the law like --
I won't give him a chance to grab another ship -- or to slash another pilot's throat.
Dancin' on razor blades here...
He's a murderer. The law says he's gotta do his bid.
You know he hasn't harmed any of us. Far as I can tell he hasn't even lied to us. Just stick to the deal Johns. Let him go if that's what it --
-- we need a fail-safe. Bring the cells over at the last possible minute -- when the wings are ready when we <u>know</u> we're ready to launch.
You mean if he learns that you're gonna royally fuck him over.
May've noticed chains don't work on this guy. Only way we're truly safe is if he believes he's goin' free. But if he <u>stops</u> believin' --
Oh this is a dangerous game you're playing Johns.
That's what I said.
You said we were going to trust him now. You said there was a deal.
He also figured out how to kill the pilot Fry.
Okay maybe that's a <u>good</u> thing. Maybe I can use him to help with --
Hijacked a prison transport made a helluva good run 'fore I tracked him down.
He can pilot?
<u>Get the fucking cells over here</u> Johns. What's the discussion?
We're not sure <u>when</u> it happens so let's not --
Wait for what? Until it's so dark we can't even find our way back to --
Let's wait on the power cells.
...need those cells from the crash ship. Shit still gotta check out the hull patch the wings --
60 years ago.
Let's board this up and get the hell gone. They seem to stick to the dark so if we stick to daylight should be all --
So what happened? Where are they then?
Rag it Riddick. Nobody wants your theories on --
25 kilos each huh?
15 6-gigs here...90 gigs total...other ship carries 20-gig cells so...five. Five total to launch.
Okay that should buy us a sys-check. But we'll need more cells.
Nothing we can't repair -- so long as the electrical adapts.
Little ratty-ass.
Thanks for the tip Johns.
You said it not me. Let's just not let one bad call lead to another.
What you think I'm doin' this to prove something?
Hey. Bein' ballsy with your life now doesn't change what came before -- it's just stupid.
Nobody else is going down but me okay?
I don't. But that ground looked none too stable and I don't want anyone --
Thought you didn't believe his story.
Well don't ask me to.
<u>We're gonna find the body</u> Johns. Christ you're a cop. Why am I tellin' you this? We gotta go down and find it.
I <u>am</u> sure. Look murders aside Riddick belongs in the Asshole Hall of Fame. He loves the jaw-jackin' loves making you afraid 'cuz that's all he has. And you're playing right into --
Let's just be sure.
I <u>know</u> what happened -- he went off on the guy buried him on the hill somewhere and now he's trying to --
I assume he licked it clean.
So why isn't it all bloody?
Sir Shiv-a-lot. He likes to cut.
He used that?
Ease up ease up. JOHNS! Just tell me what....
...I don't play that...I don't play that so just try again. C'mon Riddick tell me a better lie....
Like my pistola.
Sorry. Thought I heard something.
No juice looks like it's been laid up for years. But we might be able to adapt --
Thought he might be coolin' it in the boneyard -- could either double-back to the ship or slip in behind us. So I left the bottle out as bait.
Didn't bite.
Fuck. Guess I'm more glad to be here than I thought.
So now you know.
During the landing...when things were at their worst...Owens was at his best. He's the one who wouldn't let the pilot dump the passenger cabin.
You see anybody else here? Just between you and me.
Promise me. Swear to me you won't --
Hey. You can tell me Carolyn.
What'd Owens mean? 'Bout not touching the switch?
Better keep moving....
No no I wanted to get away.
Probably right.
Probably makes it worse. Dehydrates you even more.
Tell me it's not a mirage.
Which means he went toward sunrise.
Thought you found his restraints over there. Toward sunset.
A very good sign.  That's Riddick's direction. You do <u>not</u> wanna be caught in the dark with this guy.
Little swamp-flu from the Conga system. Never shook it with all this cryo-sleep.
Only around humans.
I don't need his life story. Is he really that dangerous?
Be my choice. Already escaped once from the max-slam facility on --
We just keep him locked up forever?
Carolyn Fry. I'd shake hands but...
Amazing. I'm Johns.
Hey me. Over here.
Johns is leaving you a gun. Just do me a favor huh? Get my crewies buried? They were good guys who died bad.
What you're goin' off too?
Imam. We should leave soon. Before nightfall but while it's cooler.
Ask if anyone has anything in cargo! Anything to drink!
Well? Is it just the pump?
Somethin' knocked us off-lane. Maybe a rogue comet. Maybe we'll never know.
So what the bloody hell happened anyways?
It's the atmosphere. Too much pressure not enough oxygen. Might take a few days to --
70 seconds! You still got 70 seconds to level this beast out!
And there wasn't a simulated cockroach alive within 50 clicks of the simulated crash site! <u>That's</u> how they train you! On a fucking simulator!
When captain went down you stepped up -- whether you like it or not. Now they train you for this so --
Company's not here is it?
Look Fry. Company says we're responsible for every one of those --
So what we should both go down too? Out of sheer fucking nobility?
Can't get my nose down...too much load back there....
Just tell me we're still in the shipping lane. Just show me all those stars all those bright beautiful deep-space....
1550 millibars dropping 20 MB per minute shit we're hemorrhaging air. <u>Somethin'</u> took a swipe at us.
Oh no. Not Owens not.... Wai' wai' wait. <u>I'm Owens</u>. Right?
You hear me? Captain's dead. Owens too.
I mean I mean chrono shows we're 22 weeks out so gravity wasn't supposed to kick in for another 19. I mean I mean I mean why did I fall <u>at all</u>?
He's dead. Cap'n's dead. Christ I was looking right at him when --
Why did I fall on you?
Oh no. No no no....
And what about the cells?
The sled as a shield....
Do what I say. Please.
I would rather we all stay--
Don't stop just slow down.  Little more space 'tween us and them.
Imam. Slow down.
No I'm not. But <u>he</u> can.
And you're certain you can find the way back? Even in the dark?
They're afraid of our light. That means we don't have to be so afraid of them.
Quiet please. Everyone.
I saw the cut-marks on the bones. Wasn't a natural die-off.
One is all?
We're all on the same hajj now.
Frightening thought.
Chrislam teaches that once in every lifetime should there be a great hajj -- a great pilgrimage. To know God better yes but to know yourself as well.
You were on a pilgrimage? To New Mecca?
Some prophet guy?
You know who Muhammad was?
So quiet. You get used to the sounds of the ship then....
One of the Christian habits we <u>didn't</u> adopt -- perhaps unfortunately. We'll have to wait.
I don't suppose....
It's more a place where souls are found Mr. Riddick.
Think a soul could get lost there? With all those pilgrim-types?
New Mecca....
KEEP GOING OR I WILL!
Get the girl back under. Keep going.
Give my blessing to the girl. She needs a spare.
He will be with us. Nonetheless.
'Cuz you don't spend half your life in lock-down with a horse-bit in your mouth and not believe. And you surely don't start out in a liquor store trash bin with an umbilical cord wrapped around your neck and not believe. Oh absolutely I believe in God. And I absolutely hate the fucker.
You <u>don't</u> see.
I see. Well even if you don't believe in God it doesn't mean He won't be --
And pointless.
Blessing you like the others.  It's painless.
What're you doin'?
You mean....
Which half?
Where's Mr. Johns?
Well...we must keep her close then. Here she'll be safe if we put her between --
Has anyone checked the coring room?
Has anyone seen the young one? Ali?
Listen to her? <u>Her</u>? When she was willing to sacrifice us all?
She's the captain we should listen to --
He's running us 'round in circles. Look for yourself. Look!
We crossed our own tracks.
Please...this solves nothing...please....
Oh Trash Baby you're gonna regret this.
Those suns gotta come back <u>sometime</u>. And if these animals really are phobic about light we just sit tight till then.
I had the impression...from the model... that the two planets were moving as one. That there would be...a lasting darkness.
The child heard you before any of us could even....
We got you...it's okay it's okay...we got you now....
I'm born-again.
How 'bout a cut in your gut?
I'm willing to take a cut in pay.
Think about that reward Johns.
Wanna rag your fat mouth?
Well you got the big gauge.
I'd rather piss glass.
Not afraid of the dark are you?
Are you fuckin' kidding me?
If you were me I'd kill us both. C'mon you wanna sit at the grown-up table or not?
My recommendation: Do me. Don't take the chance that I'll get shiv-happy on your wannabe ass. Ghost me Riddick. Would if I were you.
Only if we both get outta this alive. And there may be a way.
You'd cut me loose Boss?
Truth is Riddick I'm tired of this head-up shit. I wanna be free of you as much as you wanna be free of me.
For what? The honor of goin' back to some asshole of a cell?
Here's the deal. You work without the chains without the bit -- without the shivs. You help us get off this rock....
Say that again.
Want you to remember this moment Riddick. The way it coulda gone and didn't.
We're movin'. And I'm just wondering if I shouldn't lighten the load right now.
Found somethin' worse than me huh?
Well just keep your bloody-fuckin' eyes open. Don't want that ratbag sneakin' up on me bloody-fuckin' arse.
Amazing how you can do without the essentials of life -- so long as you have the luxuries.
So much for my cocktail hour.
So much for your nightfall.
Well what's the need anyway? If he's gone he's gone. Why should he bother us?
'Cuz they couldn't hunt shit with these things be my guess.
Blow-dart hunting stick from Papua New Guinea. Very <u>very</u> rare since the tribe's extinct.
Startin' to acclimate anyhow. Take it.
What it's broken?
Just wanted his O-2.  Though I notice he tried to ghost my ass. When he shot up that stranger instead.
You were tryin' to kill him too.
I know you don't uncrate your emergency ship unless there's a fucking emergency.
Maybe they had weight limits you don't know.
What you don't really think they left with their clothes on the lines? Photos on the walls?
Doesn't need to be. Use this to get back up to the Sol-Track Shipping Lanes stick out a thumb. You'll get picked up.  Right?
Not a star-jumper.
That's correct. And you will both stand trial for heresy.
Seal the cave?
No sir I haven't forgotten.
Your conclusion is premature. Have you forgotten your Scripture? The Thirteenth Scroll?  'And Proteus brought the upright beast into the garden and chained him to a tree and the children made sport of him.'
A doll alone proves nothing. True. But the doll was found beside the jawbone of a man -- and no trace of simian fossils has turned up in this deposit.
To begin with your methods of dating the past are crude to say the least. There are geologists on my staff who would laugh at your speculations.
I apologize.
Don't speak to me in absolutes. The evidence is contestable.
Indeed the very fact that these tools are unknown to us could suggest a culture in certain ways almost equal to our own. Some of the evidence is uncontestable ...
I've seen some of your fossils and artifacts. They're worthless.
We've never meant to be treasonable sir.  But up there in the face of that Cliff is a vast cave -- and in that cave a fabulous treasure of fossils and artifacts.
I ask you to reconsider the rash course you've taken. If you're convicted of heresy the most you'll get is two years. But if you persist in pointing guns in my direction you'll hang for high treason.
It wasn't difficult. Only an apostate or a lunatic would flee to the Forbidden Zone.  I see you brought along the female of your species.  I didn't realize a man could be monogamous.
How did you know we'd come here?
Yes sir so it was -- thanks to you. But not before I discovered evidence of a simian culture that existed long before the Sacred Scrolls were written ...
He exceeded his orders. His travel permit was promptly revoked.
Certainly sir. It's a pleasure to see you again.
You know Dr. Maximus our Commissioner for Animal Affairs?
Oh. no. sir. I was just assembling my notes.
Did you forget our appointment Cornelius?
Dr. Zaius --
Certainly sir. I'll get my notes and come right over.
Cornelius if you have a moment today I'd like to discuss this expedition of yours in more detail.
Good luck then.
They can't convict us of that. You proved our innocence. Besides...  ... his culture is our culture.
And now you know the truth.  Cornelius has beaten you Doctor. He proved it. Man preceded you here. You owe him your science your language whatever knowledge you have.
That was different. We thought you were .... inferior.
Reconstructing a life. Care to have a look?
What are you doing there?
Yes. I have to agree. From all you've found so far his position's as good as yours.
No. You saved me from this fanatic. Maybe I can pay you back.
Taylor I'd rather you -
Taylor you're not in command here. Put down that gun.
If there's any shooting Dr. Zaius you'll be the first to die. Depend on it.
Right now if you like.
When are you going to show me what's in the cave?
No one really knows. It's an ancient taboo. Set forth in the Sacred Scrolls. The Lawgiver pronounced the area deadly.
You've never told me why this region's called the Forbidden Zone.
It empties into a sea some miles from here. That's where the cave is.
Where does the river lead?
I know ... Nevertheless I thank you for saving us. You'll be in trouble for going there.
Sorry Taylor. The terrain around that lake is poisonous. There is no fresh water no vegetation. Nothing.
Nothing much. The remnants of a life raft. Maybe a small flag. The emblem of my countrymen.
It's a long detour to Dead Lake. What would we find?
You still don't believe me do you?
To the diggings I worked at a year ago. It's a three day ride across the eastern desert near where you claim you landed from that planet of yours.
Zaius seems to think there might be another jungle beyond the Forbidden Zone. That's what  we'll try for. What about you?
As you wish.
Just the same I want one.
The best. But we won't need them.
Do you have any weapons?
Well Taylor -- we're all fugitives now.
Right.  Let's put the water and provisions in the wagon.
We'd better get started. If the mounted police pick up our trail they'll come this far at least.
There was one bad moment -- some hunters stopped us.
How did it go?
A toy. It floats on the air.  Try it.
Zira listen to me. We've got a fine future ahead of us. Marriage. Stimulating careers. I'm up for a raise --
Oh Cornelius show some strength!
No thank you'. I won't get into that battle.
Well maybe they're not.
Because if he is a missing link it means the Sacred Scrolls aren't worth their parchment.
'I am not a missing link.'
How can scientific truth be heresy? What if Taylor is exactly the proof you needed? A mutation. A missing link between the unevolved primate and the ape -
That was before Dr. Zaius and half the Academy said the idea was heresy.
You didn't think so then.
The evidence was very meager --
-- that the ape evolved from a lower order of primate possibly man. In his trip to the Forbidden Zone he discovered traces of a culture older than recorded time -
It's probably wrong --
Cornelius has developed a brilliant hypothesis -
No they won't -
Don't be foolish. If it's true they'll have to accept it.
Zira are you trying to get my head cut off?
But what about your theory? The existence of someone like Taylor might prove it.
I don't. And I'm not going to try.
'Then how do you account for me?
No creature can survive in that part of the Forbidden Zone. I've been there. I've seen it.
Cornelius why do you insist on provoking him?
And even if it weren't why fly? Where would it get you?
Flight is a scientific impossibility.
And they fell out of the sky with you?
'Dodge was killed in the hunt. What happened to Landon?'  I don't know.
Oh Cornelius be quiet.
Now just a minute --
Where did you learn to do this?
Dear you're a scientist. Don't you believe your own eyes?
It's a stunt. Humans don't write.
Zira come on. You know they can't --  Oh oh. Here comes Number One.
The blood transfusion.
Remembers what?
Look -- she remembers.
Watch.  Hello Bright Eyes. How's our throat today?
What's so special about him?
That's Bright Eyes. The one I was telling you about.
Neither do I.
Do you have to work tonight?
Blessed are the vegetarians.
Well at least they haven't tried to bite us.
Let's find them all.
Where there's one there's another. And another. And another.
You're more than three hundred light years from your precious planet. Your loved ones have been dead and forgotten for twenty centuries. Even if you could get back they'd think you were something that fell out of a tree.
Taylor -- quit riding him.
None at all.
Any particular reason?
Which direction?
Okay. If there's no life here we've got just seventy-two hours to find it. That's when the groceries run out.
Any sign of dangerous ionization?
Nothing will grow here .... there's just a trace of hydrocarbons and most of the nitrogen is locked into nitrates.
Good question.  Landon -- check your communications kit.
But how long is a day?
One pistol... twenty-four rounds of ammo. two medical kits.. one camera... one TX9.  We've enough food and water for three days.
Geiger counter?
Got your sensors?
They're still dirty. And their bite is septic. Look at that ...
The foundations of scientific brain surgery are being laid right here - in studies of cerebral function in these animals.
That's because Dr. Zaius realizes our work has value.
You do pretty well when it comes to getting space and equipment.
What do you mean made it? I'm an animal psychologist that's all. We don't have any authority.
But the quota system's been abolished! You made it. Why can't I?
These animals are dirty doctor. They stink and they carry communicable diseases. Why aren't they cleaned up before they're brought here?
This place is dirty doctor.
I don't know. This beast lost a lot of blood.
Will he live?
Which one was wearing the strange clothes?
Be it so ordered. The Tribunal will examine all the evidence presented here and in due time render a verdict on the proposed indictment and on the disposition of the deviate in question.  This hearing is adjourned.
Yes sir. The State charges Doctors Zira and Cornelius with contempt of this Tribunal malicious mischief and scientific heresy.
Sustained.  Your archeological theories have no bearing on the disposition of this creature.
Objection! These remarks are profane and irrelevant.
Very well. I suggest we go and look at them.
That's true Dr. Zaius. My witnesses -- correction -- my exhibits are on display in the amphitheater.
Proceed. But don't turn this hearing into a farce.
He can reason? With the Tribunal's permission let me expose this hoax by direct examination.
Directly Mr. President. This wretched man the accused is only a pawn in the conspiracy. We know that he was wounded in the throat at the time of his capture. The State charges that Dr. Zira and a corrupt surgeon named Galen experimented on this wounded animal tampering with his brain and throat tissues to create a speaking monster ...
Come to the point Dr. Honorius.
There is a conspiracy afoot to undermine the very cornerstone of our Faith
Learned Judges: My case is simple. It is based on our first Article of Faith: that the Almighty created the ape in his own image; that He gave him a soul and a mind; that He set him apart from the beasts of the jungle and made him the lord of the planet.
State your case Mr. Prosecutor.
Well Dr. Zira? This is a man is he not?
Objection. The accused is indeed a man. Therefore he has no rights under ape law.
Show this to the President.
Ridiculous. That answer is a contradiction in terms. Tell us Bright Eyes why do men have no souls? What is the proof that a divine spark exists in the simian brain?
Some apes it seems are more equal than others.
Of course he doesn't know our culture - because he cannot think.  Tell us why all apes are created equal.
I admit I know nothing of your culture.
Tell the court Bright Eyes -- what is the second Article of Faith?
Do as I say.
He's vicious Doctor. Besides it's against the rules.
Get me a collar and leash. I'm taking him to the infirmary.
Those fools and their torches! Do you have any ointment?
What happened?
Well you know what they say. Human see human do.
He's trying to form words.
Did you see that? It's remarkable!
See? He keeps pretending he can talk.
Awww it still hurts doesn't it?
Don't be silly. He's perfectly tame.
You could get hurt doing that Doctor.
No change. The minute you open the door he goes into his act.
Good morning Julius. How's our patient today?
Good morning Dr. Zira.
You're our optimist Look at the bright side. If that's the best there is around here in six months we'll be running this planet.
We got off at the wrong stop.
Try telling them our names.
Can we take a dip?
Let's take a look.
Scarecrows?
I'd like to know why not. You thought life on Earth was meaningless. You despised people. So what did you do? You ran away.
But I'm not prepared to die.
Dodge ... he's not like me at all. But he makes sense. Held walk naked into a live volcano if he thought he could learn something no other man knew. I understand why  he's here. But you...You're no seeker. You're negative.
Don't bother
Okay. You read me well enough. Why can't I read you?
Oh and one last item. Immortality. You wanted to go on forever.  Well you damn near made it. Except for Dodge and me you've lived longer than anybody. And with Stewart dead it looks like we're the last of the strain. You got what you wanted kid. How does it taste?
And the glory don't forget that. There's a life-sized bronze statue of you somewhere. It's probably turned green by now and nobody can read the name plate. But never let it be said we forget our heroes.
Climb off me will you!
Straighten me out on something. Why did you come along at all? You volunteered. Why?  I'll tell you. They nominated you for the Big One and you couldn't turn it down. Not without losing your All-American standing
I'm prepared to die.
There's only one reality left. We're here and it's now. You get ahold of that and hang on tight or you might as well be dead.
All right --
What would you learn? I've told you where you are and when you are.
If only we could get a fix.
It's a fact Landon. Buy it. You'll sleep better.
Prove it. If we can't get back it's still just a theory.
Because time has wiped out everyone and everything you cared for -- they're dust.
long pause) You know it.
Apart from that you look pretty chipper for a man who's two thousand and thirty one years old.  I read the clocks. They bear out Hasslein's hypothesis. We've been away from Earth for two thousand years give or take a decade.  Still can't accept it huh?
By our time.  You've turned gray.
Then we've been away from Earth for eighteen months.
It's a little late for a wake. She's been dead nearly a year.
You don't seem very cut up about it.
Air leak. Died in her sleep.
Sorry...  I was thinking of Stewart. What d'you suppose happened?
Landon! Join the expedition.
We're some three hundred and twenty light years from Earth. On an unnamed planet in orbit around a star in the constellation of Orion.  That could be Bellatrix.
Well? Where are we? Have any notion skipper?
We're here to stay.
Forget it. Abandon ship.
It's no use ... there she goes.
To Earth! That we've landed!
What signal?
Landon! Send a last signal.
The flags of discontent. It's the only way anything ever gets changed.  Don't try to follow us.  I'm pretty handy with things like this.
That's the boy. Keep 'em flying.
I think you're making a mistake.
I'll start by following the shoreline.  And my nose.
They think you're behaving foolishly. I must say I agree. Where will you go?
Yes I can do that.
I want you to go around the bend and tell those gorillas their leader is my prisoner.
What is it?
All right all right. Will You do me a favor? No orders.
Disillusioned...  But vindicated! I've been right all along. You can't trust the older generation. It's a matter of values --
Not everything. They left a hostage.  How do you feel Lucius?
Relax. You'll see it all later.
Always giving orders. Just like every other adult.
Sorry Lucius. You'll have to stay here and guard the horses.
In my world -- before I left it - only youngsters of your age wore un- scraped hair.
Why did you do that? Scrape off your hair?
I'm for that.
Shouldn't we be moving on?
Fine. Just let her out.
If you insist. But I'm not taking any orders --
I want her.
Zira doesn't want your female.
She comes along too.
Come on. Get me out of here.
So you can talk.  I'm Dr. Zira's nephew. This abduction was her idea. You're not really going to the zoo. That's just our cover story in case we're stopped.  Although I do feel that if it ever came down to a question of whether something like you should be public or private property --
Who are you?
To scare off humans?
The Hunt Club.
Who put them up?
Keep moving. We can't turn back now.
Gorilla hunters ...
All right...  Get in...hurry.  Put this on.
He wouldn't leave her.
I told you not to bring the other one.
At the very least this man has the right to know whether there's a charge against him.
And our purpose is to settle custodial and jurisdictional questions concerning this beast and determine what's to be done with him.
My own purpose is to save this exceptional creature from mutilation.
You asked for the opportunity to present your case. Surely you must know why you're here.
We're -- conducting a new experiment.
Why special?
Yes Sir. But this -- creature is a special case.
I know it's a man. And you know the rules. No animals outside the compound and most certainly not without a leash.
A man Dr. Maximus.
What is that?
Bailiff! Stop this outburst! Gag that monstrosity!
You destroyed his memory! His mind! His identity! And you want to do the same to me!
Dr. Zira! Silence that man!
One is in a museum!
Bailiff! Make the animal be quiet.
This hearing is absurd! Let me tell my story...
It says here that his name is Bright Eyes. You gave him that name yourself.
My name is Taylor.
Dr. Zira -- tell Bright Eyes to sit down.
Sustain all objections but face the truth!
Let us assume as common sense dictates that the prisoner's story is false. But if he does not come from another planet then surely he sprang from our own. Yes sprang.  As an animal psychologist I have found no physiological defect to explain why humans are mute.
Is it a joke to seek the truth about this man?
This is a joke in very poor taste.
Stop right there. Bring me that paper.
Read it yourself.
Since the defendant is forbidden to speak in his own defense he asks that this statement be read into the record.
Did we create his mind too? Not only can this man speak. He can write. He can reason.
Mind your tongue madame.
Thats a lie!
Then why is he called the accused Your Honors must think him guilty of something.
Sustained. In all fairness Dr. Zira you must admit the accused is a nonape and therefore has no rights under ape law.
By your leave Mr. President -- the Tribunal has not yet defined the purpose of this inquiry.
Let it be clear at the outset that all matters pertaining to this inquiry are confidential and anyone discussing them outside this chamber will be held in contempt of the Tribunal.  You may proceed Dr. Honorius.
Don't look for it Taylor. You may not like what you find.
We're back at the beginning. I still don't know the why. A planet where apes evolved from men. A world turned wrong side up. A puzzle with one piece missing.
The Forbidden Zone was once a paradise. Your breed made a desert of it ages ago.
What evidence? No weapons were found in the cave.
Because you are a man. And you were right -- I have always known about man. From the evidence I believe his wisdom must walk hand in hand with his idiocy. His emotions must rule his brain. He must be a warlike animal who gives battle to everything around him -- even himself.
Why? From the first I've terrified you Doctor. And in spite of every sign that I'm an intelligent being who means no harm you continue to hate and fear me. Why?
No thanks. I'll take freedom.
Where else but in a cage does man belong?
Of course you could return with us. Our society might find a place for you and your mate.
Then there is another jungle?
He might have been wiped out by a plague. Natural catastrophe. Like a fiery storm of meteors. From the looks of this part of your planet I'd say that was a fair bet.
Then answer this: If ran was superior why didn't he survive?
Cease fire! Withdraw!
Tell him to pull back!
That's lunacy. I can give an alternate description for everyone of those objects that's equally as inventive as yours. But it would be conjecture not proof.
I don't say he was a man like an Earthman but I'd call him a close relative for he was plagued by most of man's ills.  Yet fragile as he was he came before you -- and was superior to you.
Okay.Up to the cave.
Very well. If Zira and Cornelius can prove that those scrolls don't tell the whole truth of your history; if they can show you definite evidence of another culture from an unrecorded past -- will you exonerate them?
Twelve hundred years ago.
When were the Sacred Scrolls written?
What is your proposal?
All right let's see if you're willing to put that statement to a test.
There is no contradiction between faith and science. True science.
Don't be a fool. You're outnumbered and outgunned.
Stop right there.
You're a menace! A walking pestilence. I do know who you are Taylor. As I know that others of your kind must live in the Forbidden Zone.  You have just six hours to make a full confession. After that I'll employ surgery to obtain one.  Guards!
I'm not protecting anybody! That hearing was a farce. What have I done?
If you are protecting others of your kind it will cost you your identity.
I don't know.
You may well call it upside down since you occupy its lowest level. And deservedly.  The eastern desert has never been explored -- because we've always assumed that no life can exist there.  Save yourself Taylor. Tell me -- is there another jungle beyond the Forbidden Zone?
Thank you for calling me Taylor.  Dr. Zaius I know who I am. Who are you? How did this upside down civilization ever get started?
I admit that where there's one mutant there's probably another. And another. A nest of them. Where's your nest Taylor? Where are your women?
Then you admit --
Because you're not unique. There was the one you call Landon --
All right suppose I am a mutant? Why does the appearance of one mutant send you into a panic?
That's exactly what Zira and Cornelius claim. You're talking heresy doctor.
I take it you don't believe the prosecutor's charge -- that I'm a monster created by Dr. Zira.
A fort! Unconsciously you chose a name that was belligerent.  Where were you nurtured?
What about it?
Then how is it we speak the same language?  Even in your lies some truth slips through! That mythical community you're supposed to come from -- Fort Wayne'?
My tribe as you call it lives on another planet in a distant solar system.
You lied. Where is your tribe?
I told the truth at that 'hearing'of yours.
However it's within my power to grant You a reprieve.  That is why I summoned you here tonight.  Tell me who and what you really are and where you come from and no veterinary will touch you.
Emasculation to begin with. Then experimental surgery. On the speech centers. On the brain. Ultimately a kind of living death.
Oh your case was preordained. In a way you performed a service for the State ...  Because your hearing made it possible for us to expose Zira and Cornelius.  And now the Tribunal has placed you in my custody for...final disposition. Do you know what that means?
What about me?
Identify him then. Speak to him.
With one of them.
Well...do you acknowledge kinship with any of these creatures?
God bless you.
Go with God Taylor.  That's an old expression. it comes from both ape and man.
All right but....  ...you're so damned ugly!
Dr. Zira I'd like to kiss you good-bye.
It's better than going to prison for heresy.
Would you like to come along?
Wasn't I humiliated? By all of you? Didn't you lead me around on a leash?
It's humiliating.
Taylor please -- don't treat him that way.
Taylor you can't.
Then tell them Dr. Zaius won't leave here alive.
He has a point. On my planet children often play with ape dolls.
Taylor! Tell him.
Except that he's also the Chief Defender of the Faith.
Taylor please --
And that's your Minister of Science. Honor- bound to expand the frontiers of knowledge.
She's not sick at all.  She's pregnant.
What's the diagnosis doctor? A touch of the sun?
You threw us together remember? And you guessed right. Men like apes get despondent without a mate.
You want her that much?
Actually you're a different breed. This creature will never evolve.
Are you going to take her with you?
You're going back to the Forbidden Zone?
Cornelius and I have been indicted for heresy. Unless we can prove our theories we don't stand a chance of acquittal.
Taylor -- just keep quiet and we may get away with this. Remember that men all look alike to most apes.
You did this to him! You've removed his frontal lobes!
No I swear -- I never saw this man before.
You! ... You knew about this?
Second from the left.
It's him...Landon.
What is this?
Where have you been? Why didn't you come to see me?
Dr. Zaius I could have sworn he was answering you!
I'm not acting! I can talk! How much proof do you want?
There! Can you believe it? I looks like he's talking.
My - name - isn't - Bright Eyes It's Taylor!
Listen listen -- I can speak --
Well Bright Eyes is our throat feeling better?
In a few minutes there will be no doll. There can't be.  I'm sorry.
But the proof? The doll?
He won't survive.  Do you know what sort of life awaits you out there Taylor? That of an animal. If you aren't eventually hunted down and killed by apes some jungle beast will devour you.
But suppose you find nothing but a wasteland. How will you survive?
But there's the doll sir.
Secondly if these 'tools' as you call them are unidentified why are they introduced as 'evidence' of anything?
Sirs: our theories have a bearing on his identity.
Let them talk Mr President. Let them talk.
Mr. President I believe the Prosecutor has reassembled all he surviving humans captured in the hunt along with Bright Eyes.
He doesn't know.
How sad. Stuffed and mounted eh? Dead men like sunken ships can tell no stories. And his other companion?
Where are they now?
This is his assertion.
But how convenient that the proof of his arrival has vanished?  You also state that Bright Eyes had two intelligent companions at the time of his capture.
Like you I find it difficult.
Do you believe him?
I do not state it sir. The prisoner does.
Dr. Zira -- you state here that a ship from outer space sank in an inland sea of our eastern desert.
Wouldn't it more properly be done in your office?
But perhaps he understood --
Of course. He saw you moving yours.
He's moving his fingers!
Something... in the trees...
Billy... What the hell's wrong with you?
What about the rest of Hopper's men?
I don't believe he did Sir. I couldn't find a single track. Just doesn't make sense.
I can't believe Jim Hopper walked into an ambush.
Strange Major. There was a firefight. Shooting in all directions.
Six others U.S. issue jungle boots. They came in from the north then followed the guerrillas.
What do you mean?
Major looks like there were ten maybe twelve guerrillas. Looks like they took some prisoners from the chopper.  Then a different set of track over there.
Right behind you.
I'll see you there.
You know you can't win this one.
Guess I've picked up some bad habits from you Dutch. Now don't argue with me you know I'm right. Get to that chopper and hold it for us. We'll be along.
This isn't your style Dillon.
No way Dutch. I'm going. You get these people and get the hell out of here.
Now what Dutch. You going to send your mystery guest an invitation?
He'll be looking for the trip wires. If we're lucky he won't see this.
That rendezvous is ten maybe twelve miles at most! We're almost home. But the chopper won't wait.
We're not going.
What are you talking about? We'll be out of here in ten minutes.
We're going to need everyone.
What the hell do you think you're doing?
No more games.
You're wastin' your time.
Bullshit. You're just like the rest of us.
I can accept that it comes with the job.
Expendable assets Dillon. Seems Langley is never around when you need them.
We're still too far in they won't risk coming in for us.
The wound all fused cauterized... what the hell did this?
Blain...  ... Just like the others... no powder burns no shrapnel.
We take her and she'll give away our position every chance she gets. No prisoners Dillon.
She's too valuable. She's got to know their whole network. The whole set up. We take her with us.
We've been lookin' for this place for months. The chopper must have gotten close when they got shot down. Hopper was sent in to get my men. He was just doing his job. When he disappeared I had to clean this up I had to stop there bastards. We were so close we couldn't quit. We couldn't sleep through this one. I needed you Dutch can't you see that?
What story did you give to Davis?
Because I told you you're the best. I knew you could do it but I couldn't get you in here without a cover story.
That's right I set you up. You're a veteran at this Dutch I had to.
It was all bullshit. All of it. From the start... you set us up got us in here to do your dirty work.
Well somebody sent them.
Jesus... this is inhuman.  Uh... I wasn't told of any operations in this area. They shouldn't have been here.
I knew this man. Green Berets out of Fort Bragg. What the hell were they doing in here? You got any answers for this Dillon?
Probably another rebel patrol. They operate in here all the time.
Mean anything to you?
They're getting better equipped every day.
Billy's on it.  Heat seeker. Pretty sophisticated for half-asses mountain boys.
You never were all that smart... let's go!!!
You don't know how much I missed this Dutch!!! Once you get this in your blood you never get it out!!!
This gets better by the minute.
No such thing old buddy. It's a one way ticket. Once we cross that border we're on our own.
Who's our back-up on this?
Our rendezvous points and radio freqs. are indicated and fixed. AWACS contact on four hour intervals.
Those cabinet members are very important to our scope of operations in this part of the world. They're about to get squeezed. We can't let that happen. I needed someone who could get the job done quick and quiet... no screw-ups. I needed the best. The best. So I pulled a few strings at the State Department... and here we are.
Wasn't my style. We're a rescue unit not assassins.  This must be good. Big shot from the CIA leaves his desk to come back to the bush. What's so important?
Also heard that you passed on that little job in Libya.
Like the old days Dillon.
That piece of work you guys pulled off at the Berlin embassy last week was really something. Blew the entry points on three floors and neutralized the opposition in eight seconds flat. Beautiful.
You never did know when to quit.
No way old buddy.
You've been pushing too many Pencils Dillon. Had enough?
We both got scores to settle.
... Right I got a score to settle for the Bro...
Take a position over there. I'll work around towards you. When I flush him you nail him...
Those eyes... disappeared. But I know one thing Major...  ... I drew down and fired right at it. Capped-off two hundred rounds and then the Mini-gun; the full pack. Nothin'... nothin' on this earth could have lived... not at that range.
What Sergeant?
Don't know only saw one of 'em. Camouflaged. He was there...  ... Those fucking eyes...
The best friend I ever had.
I'm sorry Bull. It's never easy. He was a good soldier.
Thank you Sergeant.
We've got most of the flares frags. and two claymores just outside. Nothin's comin' close to here without trippin' on somethin'.
I'll take him.
Put him in his poncho and liner and carry him back. We'll bury him in the morning.
You saw what?
Can't say Major... been squirrely all mornin'... fuckin' weird... sometimes I think that nose of his is too good... smells things that ain't there.
What's got Billy so spooked?
We found 'em both dead. And the gear from the chopper. If they're Central American I'm a fuckin' Chinaman. By the looks of 'em I'd say our cabinet minister and his aide are CIA.  Another thing Major we were lucky... couple of those guys we waxed are Russians military advisors by the look of it. Something big was about to happen here.
Any sign of the hostages?
Someone else will be going in with you.
What's that General?
You lift off in three hours.  There's one other thing.
We figure we've got less than twenty-four hours to catch up with them. After that there's not much hope. We want a rescue operation mounted tonight. That doesn't give you much time.
What have you got in mind General.
That's the problem. Apparently they strayed off course.  We're certain they've been captured by the guerrillas.
That's over the border General.
It's been a long time General.
You're looking well Dutch.
Why didn't he try to kill one of us last night?
He knows our defenses.
How could anyone get through this carry Blain out right under our noses without leavin' a trace?
There's no sign of it.
Where the hell is his body?
I think it's Hawkins.
What in God's name...?
I can't tell.
Major you'd better take a look at this.
Same business guerrillas hauling two guys from the chopper... followed by men with American equipment...
What's he got?
I don't think that was any ordinary army taxi...
There's something else Major...
Took 'em out with a heat seeker.
We're on our way. Red Group Gold Group all fighters follow me.  Told you they'd do it!
The shield is down! Commence attack on theDeath Star's main reactor.
We'll last longer then we will against that Death Star...and we might just take a few of them with us.
At that close range we won't last long against those Star Destroyers.
Han will have that shield down. We've got to give him more time.
We have no choice General Calrissian. Our cruisers can't repel firepower of that magnitude.
You won't get another chance at this Admiral.
We saw it. All craft prepare to retreat.
All right. Stand by.
All craft prepare to jump to hyperspace on my mark.
Proceed with the countdown. All groups assume attack coordinates.
Admiral we're in position. All fighters accounted for.
She hasn't been trained in the ways of the Jedi the way you have Luke... but the Force is strong with her as it is with all of your family. There is no avoiding the battle. You must face and destroy Vader!
But you can't let her get involved now Ben. Vader will destroy her.
Your insight serves you well. Bury your feelings deep down Luke. They do you credit. But they could be made to serve the Emperor.
Leia! Leia's my sister.
Hmm. To protect you both from the Emperor you were hidden from your father when you were born. The Emperor knew as I did if Anakin were to have any offspring they would be a threat to him. That is the reason why your sister remains safely anonymous.
But I have no sister.
The other he spoke of is your twin sister.
Yoda spoke of another.
Then the Emperor has already won. You were our only hope.
I can't kill my own father.
To be a Jedi Luke you must confront and then go beyond the dark side - the side your father couldn't get past. Impatience is the easiest door - for you like your father. Only your father was seduced by what he found on the other side of the door and you have held firm. You're no longer so reckless now Luke. You are strong and patient. And now you must face Darth Vader again!
But I had to help my friends.
Vader humbled you when first you met him Luke... but that experience was part of your training. It taught you among other things the value of patience. Had you not been so impatient to defeat Vader then you could have finished your training here with Yoda. You would have been prepared.
I tried to stop him once. I couldn't do it.
You cannot escape your destiny.
I can't do it Ben.
I also thought he could be turned back to the good side. It couldn't be done. He is more machine now than man. Twisted and evil.
There's still good in him.
You father was seduced by the dark side of the Force. He ceased to be Anakin Skywalker and became Darth Vader. When that happened the good man who was your father was destroyed. So what I have told you was true... from a certain point of view.
You told me Vader betrayed and murdered my father.
Yoda will always be with you.
I can't do it Artoo. I can't go on alone.
Who are you?
Jabba's palace.
Where am I?
Your eyesight will return in time.
I can't see.
Shhh. You have hibernation sickness.
His lightsaber.
Oh no my young Jedi. You will find that it is you who are mistaken...about a great many things.
Then you must go to the Sanctuary Moon and wait for them.
They are clear my Master.
Strange that I have not. I wonder if your feelings on this matter are clear Lord Vader.
I have felt him my Master.
A small Rebel force has penetrated the shield and landed on Endor.
I told you to remain on the command ship.
Yes my Master.
It is of no concern. Soon the Rebellion will be crushed and young Skywalker will be one of us! Your work here is finished my friend. Go out to the command ship and await my orders.
What of the reports of the Rebel fleet massing near Sullust?
Send the fleet to the far side of Endor. There it will stay until called for.
What is thy bidding my Master?
Everything is proceeding as I have foreseen.
As you wish.
Patience my friend. In time he will seek you out. And when he does you must bring him before me. He has grown strong. Only together can we turn him to the dark side of the Force.
Yes my Master.
You have done well Lord Vader. And now I sense you wish to continue your search for young Skywalker.
The Death Star will be completed on schedule.
Threepio tell them if they don't do as you wish you'll become angry and use your magic.
Somehow I got the feeling that didn't help us very much.
Han don't. It'll be all right.
Will you take it easy? Let's just figure out a way to get out of this thing.  Han can you reach my lightsaber?
Nice work. Great Chewie! Great! Always thinking with your stomach.
Come on Artoo.  We'll need your scanners.
Take the squad ahead.  We'll meet at the shield generator at 0300.
We got separated.
I thought she was with you.
Quietly there might be more of them out there.
Chewie and I will take care of this. You stay here.
It's your imagination kid. Come on. Let's keep a little optimism here.
I'm endangering the mission. I shouldn't have come.
I don't know.  Fly casual.
Now don't get jittery Luke. There are a lot of command ships. Keep your distance though Chewie but don't look like you're trying to keep your distance.
Vader's on that ship.
Right. Chewie let's see what this piece of junk can do. Ready everybody?
Yeah she's comin' up.
You got her warmed?
Hi Han... Chewie.
I have a promise I have to keep first... to an old friend.
Why don't you leave that crate and come with us?
Oh... great!
Just stick close to Chewie and Lando. I've taken care of everything.
You're gonna die here you know. Convenient.
There's nothing to see. I used to live here you know.
I think my eyes are getting better. Instead of a big dark blur I see a big light blur.
That bad huh? Where's Leia?
The same as always.
How are we doing?
Wouldn't miss it.
Fine. Together again huh?
Are you all right?
All right. I understand. Fine. When he comes back I won't get in the way.
You love him don't you?
He wasn't. I can feel it.
I'm sure Luke wasn't on that thing when it blew.
Here's the terminal.
The code's changed. We need Artoo!
Charges!  Come on come on!
Han! Hurry! The fleet will be here any moment.
Hey don't worry. Chewie and me got into a lot of places more heavily guarded than this.
The main entrance to the control bunker's on the far side of that landing platform. This isn't gonna be easy.
I don't know.
What's going on?
It'll take time. This whole party'll be for nothing if they see us.
Shall we try and go around?
It'll work. It'll work.
Now we find out if that code is worth the price we paid.
Yeah I just got a funny feeling. Like I'm not gonna see her again.
Hey are you awake?
That's all any of us can see.
I don't know. All I can see is a lot of blowing sand!
I gotta get you out of here.
Someone who loves you.
All right old buddy. You know I know what she means to you. I'll take good care of her. She-she won't get a scratch. All right?
Look. I want you to take her. I mean it. Take her. You need all the help you can get. She's the fastest ship in the fleet.
Oh well someone must have told them about my little maneuver at the battle of Taanab.
Well look at you a general huh?
Figured if I left you frozen like that you'd just give me bad luck the rest of my life so I might as well get you unfrozen sooner or later.
Guess I owe you some thanks too Lando.
All right! A little higher! Just a little higher!
It's all right. Trust me. Don't move.
No wait! I thought you were blind!
Chewie! Chewie give me the gun. Don't move Lando.
I'm trying!
Lando grab it!
Han! Chewie?
Oh Princess Leia are you all right?
Well I suppose I could hotwire this thing.
My goodness! Artoo why did you have to be so brave?
Oh Artoo hurry!
Come on! Come on!
We're coming!
I'm rather embarrassed General Solo but it appears you are to be the main course at a banquet in my honor.
What did he say?
It's against my programming to impersonate a deity.
I beg your pardon General Solo but that just wouldn't be proper.
Well why don't you use your divine influence and get us out of this?
Hello I think... I could be mistaken. They're using a very primitive dialect.  But I do believe they think I am some sort of god.
What are you telling them?
All right hang on.
Here we go again.
On second thought let's pass on that huh?
In his belly you will find a new definition of pain and suffering as you are slowly digested over a thousand years.
You will therefore be taken to the Dune Sea and cast into the pit of Carkoon the nesting place of the all-powerful Sarlacc.
Good I hate long waits.
Oh dear. His High Exaltedness the great Jabba the Hutt has decreed that you are to be terminated immediately.
I hope so Commander for your sake. The Emperor is not as forgiving as I am.
We shall double our efforts.
That is correct Commander. And he is most displeased with your apparent lack of progress.
Then perhaps you can tell him when he arrives.
But he asks the impossible. I need more men.
The Emperor does not share your optimistic appraisal of the situation.
I tell you this station will be operational as planned.
Perhaps I can find new ways to motivate them.
I assure you Lord Vader my men are working as fast as they can.
You may dispense with the pleasantries Commander. I'm here to put you back on schedule.
Lord Vader this is an unexpected pleasure. We're honored by your presence.
Copy Gold Leader. I'm already on my way out.
All right Wedge. Go for the power regulator on the north tower.
There it is!
Form up. And stay alert. We could run out of space real fast.
Now lock onto the strongest power source. It should be the power generator.
Here goes nothing.
I'm going in.
Now...come on Han old buddy. Don't let me down.
Good shot Red Two.
Red Leader standing by.
All wings report in.
I'm afraid our furry companion has gone and done something rather rash.
Oh! Oh my. Uh Princess Leia!
He says there's a secret entrance on the other side of the ridge.
What's he saying?
Your Royal Highness.
Ohhh I can't bear to watch.
Because...there is good in him. I've felt it. He won't turn me over to the Emperor. I can save him. I can turn him back to the good side. I have to try.
But why must you confront him?
No you don't. You've always been strong.
No! Luke run away far away. If he can feel your presence then leave this place. I wish I could go with you.
Then you know why I have to face him.
I know. Somehow...I've always known.
Yes. It's you Leia.
You're wrong Leia. You have that power too. In time you'll learn to use it as I have. The Force is strong in my family. My father has it...I have it...and...my sister has it.
Luke don't talk that way. You have a power I--I don't understand and could never have.
There's more. It won't be easy for you to hear it but you must. If I don't make it back you're the only hope for the Alliance.
Your father?
He's my father.
Vader is here...now on this moon.
Luke tell me. What's troubling you?
I have no memory of my mother. I never knew her.
She was very beautiful. Kind but...sad.  Why are you asking me all this?
Just...images really. Feelings.
What do you remember?
Just a little bit. She died when I was very young.
Leia... do you remember your mother? Your real mother?
I see them. Wait Leia!
Over there! Two more of them!
Sister! So...you have a twin sister. Your feelings have now betrayed her too. Obi-Wan was wise to hide her from me. Now his failure is complete. If you will not turn to the dark side then perhaps she will.
Give yourself to the dark side. It is the only way you can save your friends. Yes your thoughts betray you. Your feelings for them are strong. Especially for...
I will not fight you.
You cannot hide forever Luke.
You underestimate the power of the dark side. If you will not fight then you will meet your destiny.
You couldn't bring yourself to kill me before and I don't believe you'll destroy me now.
There is no conflict.
Your thoughts betray you father. I feel the good in you...the conflict.
I will not fight you father.
Obi-Wan has taught you well.
It is too late for me son. The Emperor will show you the true nature of the Force. He is your master now.
Search your feelings father. You can't do this. I feel the conflict within you. Let go of your hate.
If that is your destiny.
I will not turn...and you'll be forced to kill me.
You don't know the power of the dark side. I must obey my master.
Obi-Wan once thought as you do.
Come with me.
So you have accepted the truth.
I know father.
The Emperor has been expecting you.
Remember a Jedi's strength flows from the Force.  But beware.  Anger fear aggression. The dark side are they.  Once you start down the dark path forever will it dominate your destiny.
Well I'm sorry.
Unfortunate that I know the truth?
Unexpected this is and unfortunate...
Told you did he?
Your father he is.
Yoda I must know.
No more training do you require. Already know you that which you need.
But I need your help. I've come back to complete the training.
Strong am I with the Force... but not that strong! Twilight is upon me and soon night must fall. That is the way of things... the way of the Force.
Master Yoda you can't die.
Disintegrated?
Splendid! We have been without an interpreter since our master got angry with our last protocol droid and disintegrated him.
I am fluent in over six million forms of communication and can readily...
How many languages do you speak?
Oh. Well yes.
Yes or no will do.
I am See-Threepio human-cy...
Ah good. New acquisitions. You are a protocol droid are you not?
Maybe we could run some tests.  Kind of a comparison the old and the new...
The sweep is just routine not even police action.  I'd like to see some sort of...meaningful evidence...
That's up to you field guys.  H.Q. wants you to break 'em in when you do the annual security sweep in January.
I...see.  I'm not sure I quite get your...point...
Mmmmmm.  Weeell you know my old daddy was in maintenance and he had a saying...
As I said in every way.  Physically and psychologically.  More endurance quicker responses better hand-eye improved technical training.  Where the First Psychology gave you ninety-eight percent obedience this bunch gives you 99.4.
Improved...how?
They're not going to make it!
Jesus come on!
Oh Warren...oh Warren...take me God take me...
Well get used to it 'cause here we are on the cruise of a lifetime.
I never though I'd be stuck in a wine closet with Warren Wayne.
Well isn't that great.  Something to write home about.
I think we're moving.
Yeah well...I forgot my morphine back in the room.
Getting drunk is no solution.
I'll tell you what I'm going to do.
Will you two please stop it!  I don't want to spend my final hours listening to you bitch!
He's shutting off the air!!!
Oh my God what is he doing?
Very professional of you.
No I think hygiene is important. It helps you get into the part.
I'm sure I will.
Well it was nice meeting you. Enjoy the rest of the trip.
It certainly is.
Well so we are.  Sure is beautiful huh?
Well I guess we're neighbors for this trip.
Of course of course...
Well a little business too.  In my upcoming project Star Trackers I play a ship's captain and I really wanted to get a feel for the outer space experience.  I feel it will add more credibility to my performance.
So what brings you out here?  Pleasure cruise?
Well I appreciate that.
Magnificent magnificent.
Oh thank you.
My grandfather.  My God I can't tell you what a fan I am of yours! You were magnificent in Deadly Gamble.
Koros as in...Koros?  Dimitri Koros?
Anna Koros. She sensually extends her hand Warren shakes it -
Uh yes I am.  And you are?
You're Warren Wayne.
It can't be.
And I intend to correct that at once. I'll tell you something Mac...
I hear you Mac and I appreciate it. Frankly I don't know what I'd have done without you on this one.
I am here to provide service to... to all our guests.  There is a high level of passenger dissatisfaction. It is my duty...to report this.
My...wings...
Mac you really earned your wings this flight.
The device has stopped responding.
On channel 10?
Well you did the right thing Mac.
I am here to provide service to... to all our guests.  There is a high level of passenger dissatisfaction. It is my duty...to report this.
Were you going to give it to them?
They are awaiting further information.
And what are they doing now Mac?
I did nothing to the monitors.
You didn't do anything to the monitors did you Mac?
Yes he did.  Yes he did. Barnes looks at the monitor - Taylor and the others are still in the dining room -
Oh he did did he?
I was there.  Officer Taylor accessed my CPU directly to open the airlock doors.  They are not functioning properly.
Weren't you down in the dining room?
Hello second mate Barnes. I was instructed to come to the bridge.
Where the hell did you come from?
Well shut it off at once!
All too well captain.
Look answer my question!
It's a little late for you to be up.
What did you say to me?
Ain't it the truth. Must be good to be rich.
Well I guess she figures she's paying for it.
Why should she it's her fault. All guests are told not to eat in zero gravity but she just wanted to have fun I guess didn't realize what a grain of salt can do to sophisticated machinery.
Good help is hard to find...
Look you said it doesn't matter to you anyway!  Why do you want to kill more innocent people!  Why!
I told you not to try anything smart!  I guess you're too much of a maverick to follow a simple order!  And that's just too bad for all of you now isn't it?
Look we gave you what you asked for.  It checks out didn't it?! What more do you want from us!
Sure you do.  Sending Mac out on a little recon work.  How pathetic.  Problem is it seems Mac blew a few fuses.  Or maybe he's just a little drunk. Were you partying with a robot Taylor?
I don't know what you're talking about!
Taylor you surprise me.
Mac can you hear me?  Come in?
Will you transmit the distress signal?
That was a joke Taylor lighten up!  Why don't you just hold them up to the lens.  I'll write them down and once I'm through verifying them I'll get back to you.
Well preferably in tens and twenties...
We have the codes here.  How do you want to receive them?
Uh that's an affirmative Roger Wilco.  Please proceed.
Who said I'll re-enter in the pod? I got friends out in space Ryan friends willing to get me back unnoticed.  Thank God for deregulation huh?
It's still not going to work! They'll detect you upon re-entry in an emergency vessel!
I'd advise you to shut up and let me finish Taylor.  You needn't worry about the lifepods because they're all gone jettisoned. Save for one.
Then we've got to get to the lifepods!
Ok I will.  The bad news is the ship is history.  Life support will last another 36 hours maybe.
You better start making sense!
Now do you want the good news first or the bad news?
Yes I can transmit the code 3 emergency!  I just don't think it's a prudent move at this juncture.
What are you talking about! Can you transmit the code 3 -
Much as I'd like to help you and our valued guests I'm afraid I can't.
Transmit the code 3 emergency and take us offline.  Override the airlock sensors and hurry!  We're running out of time we have to get to the pods!
The bridge is fine Taylor how are things down there?
What is the condition of the bridge?
Why yes Ryan I am and thanks for asking.  You don't have to talk to the intercom I can hear you fine.
Barnes can you hear me are you all right?
That's very professional sounding of you Taylor.
If anyone can hear me please respond!
Yeah yeah yeah give me a minute here.
Bridge!  Can anyone hear me?!
I can hardly wait.
Well maybe I'll surprise you.
No.  I'm all set.  Thanks.
Well maybe I will.  You sure you don't want anything?
I think I can handle it.
What and leave you here all by your lonesome?
Nah I already ate.  Why don't you just go down there?
Man I'm hungry.  I'm going to call the steward you want anything?.
That's very pragmatic of you Barnes.
You gotta think of your old age.
It's steady good benefits.
You want to go back to shuttle work?
Well that hotel begins construction in January there's going to be a lot of shuttle work.
Why didn't they say?
I don't know.  Everything's up in the air at this point no pun intended.
So are you on for the next one?
Ain't it the truth. The two say nothing for a beat -
Well everything's running smoother than a baby's ass.
All right I'll give it a shot.
Trust me.  Even checked 'em with my own eyes.
You're certain of that?
Why don't you reset and run it again.  The pods check out ok.
Yes I'm sure I hit the right commands.
There must be some mistake. You sure you hit the right commands?
It's telling me fail mode confirmed.  Did you see this?
Well it's a good thing that I did.
No I just ran it!  Why are you running it again?
Sounds like you've been talking to Mac too much.
Well I guess there's no time like the present.  I'll go run a check on that room just to show we go that extra mile for our guests.
Over and out!
Sheesh!  Aye aye cap'n!
Good.  Now you'll hear from me when I have the new coordinates. In the meantime don't bug me.
That's clear.
Is that clear?
This is a major screw up on your part goddamn it!
Now I got enough air and supplies to make another complete orbit in the pod!  You're just gonna have to pick me up later.
Let's get something straight Chappy!
Goddamn it Barnes this really steams my onions!
I told you I had to teach a few people a lesson!
Well if you knew it then why did set your thrusters on before making the calculation?
Don't worry about me I'm changing coordinates now.  I've come to far to be tripped up by some Dudley do-right... motherfuckers!
Well blaze your ass out of there! You've completely altered your trajectory are we linking up or not?!
This ship is going down in a blaze of glory!
The others decided to get cute with me so I'm teaching them a lesson!
You're not helping my heart condition any Barnes!  Now just what the hell are you dragging your ass for?
Damage control!  What kind of damage? What's going on Barnes!
Cool your jets...I'm doing a little damage control.
So what are we waiting for?
I know I know.
It's time we lock coordinates.
10-4 good buddy.
Oh you'll get it believe me.  So I'll see you in a few.
Well that's your call.  Doesn't make a damn bit of difference to me.  Just as long as I get my cut.
I don't know.  I really haven't made up my mind yet.  We'll see how nicely they behave.
Will do.  What about the distress signal?
Yeah I know Bill I came up with the plan remember?  Just have those hangar doors open and ready I can take it from there.
Well don't drag your ass.  There won't be much of a window for us to link up.  We'll be in your orbit trajectory in less than two hours.
Seems like they're cooperating. Hopefully I'll be out of here and on my way very soon.
Break it down to me what's going on?
Just don't move around too much.
It's getting hard to breathe...
Will you shut up already?
We're going to die.
Don't say that!  It ain't over till it's over!
What's the use...we're gonna die...
I don't have a problem with it. Besides you get to meet a lot of interesting people.
Well more power to you.  Me I start to bug out after too much time out here.
Not me.  I'm in for the long haul. In nine months I'll have enough to take a few years off.
Well...I don't mind.  I can put up with it.  I'm taking six months off after this and I won't have to deal with people snapping their fingers at me.
Like that piece of ass he was with.
No.  But it buys a lot of other things.
Yeah I guess money don't buy class.
Look at this...Jesus.
I don't know.  Wave to them!
What is it?!
Try not to think about it.
Right now it's about 8 o'clock at home.  People are going to work kids are going to school...
Good.  In that case I pronounce us man and wife.
In that case I accept.
It would matter to us.
I would but no one can perform the ceremony.  I guess it doesn't matter.
That's right.  Will you marry me?
Will you marry me?
Except write our wills.
It did.  It is.  There's nothing we can do about that.
I never thought this would happen.  No premonitions nothing.
And so far.
So close...
We don't have time.  I'll explain later hurry!
What do you mean?  What happened!
We have room!  Let's go!
What the hell are you doing?
Over and out.
Sooner than later.
Hopefully sooner than later.
Thanks for everything Taylor. Will I see you again?
I'm staying with the ship.  I'll be all right.  Now hurry.
So what's going to happen to you?
I'll do my best.
Uh it's ok everything's going to be ok...now I'm counting on you and whatever you do keep calm we don't want them to panic.
How does the distress signal look?
Hurry.  You have to get them out of there!
I'm about to blow the wall.
He's out of the equation.  Talk to me.
I'm in the bridge.
Taylor!  Where are you?
Dawn.  Come in.
I will once I get past the bulkhead.  Good luck.
But you can't be sure!  It's suicide.  You have to come with us!
Don't worry about me.  There's still a chance I can issue a distress signal.
But how are you going to escape?
I'm going to try and buy you some time.  I can get to the bridge from here.
And what are you going to do?!
There's only room on that pod for seven.  That's you and the others.  I'm counting on you to get them out of there.
What?  What are you talking about?
I'm not going with you.
Why?  Where are you going?
A little dab'll do ya. Now you know how to get there right?
A flare?  A flare won't do it.
Take this flare.
That's why we need a safe passage. remember what you said earlier about getting through the wall? That might just be our ticket.
We don't have enough suits to get the others out.
A schematic of the ship.  Looking for a lifeline to the pods.
What's that?
The room is filled with poison gas.  The hydraulic system must have blown.
Oh my God.  What happened?
It was no time to lose my partner. We're going to have to hurry he's on to us.
I guess I owe you a debt of gratitude.  You saved my life.
Dawn!  Dawn!
Words to live by.
Don't worry about what will happen just concentrate on what is happening.  You'll live longer.
Do you want some advice?
Yeah but you didn't answer my question.
Well Dawn I'm an optimist by nature.
What do you think's going to happen to us?
One of Barnes' duds luckily for us.  Take this out of the equation right now...
Don't worry about me.  Where are we going?
Be careful you don't want to puncture the suit.
At this point I'm ready for anything.
You're ready for the real thing?
Yeah.  We did it.
Ready as I'll ever be.
Are you ready?
I understand.
I don't know what we're facing.
Simulated space walking.
Look I know what I'm doing. I have experience and training in space walking.
I can't let you do that.
Everyone just stay put.
Even if we do it might be too late.
If I could get to the bridge I could send the distress signal.
Yeah let's hope he can find a way through.
It must be oxygenated if we can hear him.
Close every door behind you!
He certainly is polite.
You're right.
We could send Mac.  If he can retrieve one suit we could go back for the other.
Suppose you didn't have to hold your breath?
And suppose you couldn't hold out?
I don't know the condition of the compartments.  Depending on damage debris...could be a fatal mistake.
Why can't we?
Damn it.  If only we could get to those suits... Dawn then thinks of something -
Sure. It complies with all standard construction codes.
Seen one like it before?
OK...it's open.
With what?  How am I going to interface with it?  I need to be able to talk to the system and to have the system talk to me.
Can't we access the mainframe to check the ship's condition?
It depends on the condition of the ship.  If I could get to one of the suit compartments I could check the exterior air locks for a possible entry.
Supposing we could get out of this room?  Is there anything we could do to reach the bridge?
Just considering our options... sir.
I don't think you know what you're talking about.  Besides what could we use for tools?  A steak knife?  A corkscrew?
Well maybe we can do something like that.
Probably come through the wall I suppose.
Given a malfunction how would a rescue team get you out if the doors won't open?
Fat chance of that.  Even if we had C4 and a laser torch these doors wouldn't budge.  That son of a bitch...that stupid son of a bitch.
Well maybe there's a way out of here.
I don't know.
What are we going to do?
Still I hope I behave on the moon.  I'll stick close to you.
Actually I've logged about 200 hours of simulated space walking at the institute mostly related to starship construction.
I'm sure you'll be all right.
Well I hope I don't do anything careless.
Well I don't think there's a chance of that happening.  It's usually the moon walks.  Sometimes you feel like a kindergarten teacher.
Like open an airlock by mistake?
Well let me put it this way.  Most of the cost is due to safety reasons. Most people are not familiar with space travel so we have to take extra precautions in the event they do something careless.
Well plus the money ain't that bad. DAWN So tell me do you think everyone gets their million dollars' worth on this trip of a lifetime?
So you were looking for a new challenge.
This is my second commercial flight.  I used to run satellite freighters but that got old fast.
Yes.  Theoretical discoveries aside there's nothing like the real thing. How about you?
Ryan Taylor first mate.  Welcome aboard.  First time in space?
That's right.
Oh right right you're on that research grant.
That is one of my priorities.
Yes Mac but the guests are requesting it.  It will reduce the level of negative feedback.
Well if you need anything please feel free to ask me.  Just a reminder we have fabulous cuisine available 24 hours in the earthrise room and a large selection of vintage wines here in our ship bar.
So I've been told.
Well there's no better to way to see the world than with us.
No just enjoying the view.
Is there anything I can help you with?
Congratulations on your...recent award.
Are you nuts!  It's too risky!
I'm going back for Taylor!
He's in the bathroom.
He's up on the bridge!  He's going to be OK.  Now who's missing?
Where's Taylor?
There's no time to explain.  Get everyone together!  We found a way to the pods!
What is happening around here!!!
How can you sit there with your fat stomach and tell me to take it easy!  I want to go home!  I want to be warm!  I want to get out of here!
Baby take it easy.
It's getting too cold in here.  I can't stand this anymore!
Talk to him...Jesus...
You're Delbert Miles!  You have more clout than some whacked out pilot!  Talk to him!
How am I supposed to know?
Well now what are we gonna do!
Send it back if you don't want it.
Oh no...I think there's carrots in here...
Besides I can't wait to tee off on the sea of tranquillity. That should shore up that prick Hank Drexler.
I guess so.
Look around you baby we're rubbing elbows with royalty oil sheiks this is class.  You'll be envied by everyone.
Look you were the one who wanted to do something different something to tell all your friends.  Any chump can go to Nassau.
How is it going to be different from this?  Go see some boring footprint under glass?
Ah hell we can always do that. Listen believe me once we get to the moon your tone is going to change.
We should have gone to Nassau. At least we could go swimming lie on the beach.
Homesick?  It's only been two days!
I'm homesick.
The engines!
What the hell is that?
What makes you so sure?
Because Taylor wouldn't do that that's why.
I tell you something's not right here.  How do we know they're not going to use the pod for themselves?
What are you going to do about it?
Again with the orders from you! You got a Napoleon complex chief and I'm getting sick of it!
I'll tell you what you're gonna do.  You're gonna stay put like Taylor said.
I haven't quite made up my mind yet.
Who are you calling a pig rummy?
You're gonna give him those bank codes you know why?  Because I'm telling you to that's why.  I'm not losing my life over some greedy pig.
Well what would you know about it? You don't have anything to lose.
Look.  We're talking about life and death here.  I don't know why we're even having this conversation.
That's affirmative.
Is it safe for human transport?
I would recommend a maintenance crew in this sector.
How is it looking Mac?
Certainly.  Anything I can do to be of service.
Ok Mac...  I'll talk to you on this. I want to find a way to get to the bridge then I want you to come back.
I'm sorry.  The suit compartments are in a non-oxygenated zero gravity atmosphere.  I'm afraid that's off limits to all passengers.
Mac what about the suit compartments on this level?  Can they be accessed?
Yes.  You can enjoy some wonderful views from there.
But the corridor outside this door is open correct?
One moment please...  one moment please...
Now Mac can you tell me the status of this deck?
I know but we're in a bind.
Alteration of my central processing unit should be done only by an authorized service dealer.
Yeah but the ship's mainframe doesn't. I need you to tell it something.
That will not be necessary.  You can simply speak to me.  I understand most languages fluently.
I need you to actually do something for me.  I need to access your CPU directly.
Right I understand that...
Certainly.  I have a full working knowledge of the ships operations.
Yes I know all that.  Mac I need you to help us out with a little technical problem.
Certainly.  If you need anything please feel free to ask me.  Just a reminder we have fabulous cuisine available --
Mac I have a favor to ask you. Mac looks at Taylor -
Mac.  What's shaking?
Officer Taylor how are you this evening?
Dr. Levine please!  Return to your seat!
Open it Captain!
... Your civil rights have been overridden!
Please Dr. Levine.
Let me out Captain.  Open the door!
Calm down Dr. Levine.
Captain open the hatch door please ... the hatch door Captain.  Open it please.
Fletcher!  Now!
I can't see...
Get out of there!
It's burning...
Fletcher get away from there...
Fletcher I want you back here.
They're warm.  I can feel the heat on my legs.
They're like pink snow sir.  Sticky.
Fletcher?  What are you doing out there?
Pull it damn it!
Norman please!  Don't!
Don't do it!
Norman don't do it!
Do it Norman it's the only choice we have.  This thing is gonna crush us.
Don't pull it Norman.  It'll start a <u>fire</u> we can't stop.  Norman?
Do you see it?
Don't do it Norman!
It's either that or we grow gills.
That's our reserve air.
Increase positive pressure!
He's right beneath us.
What was that?
Why can't I -- ?  What the hell is going on here?
Where is it?
What are you saying -- we can't stop what's out there?
Thirty yards.
Sure.  Each time it started fires inside the habitat.
But you've tested it?
Forty yards.
It sends 200 volts throughout the cylinder surface.  But we've never used it underwater before.
High Voltage?
We're a habitat.  Not a castle.  The only defense we have is High Voltage.
What do we use for defense?
Fifty yards and closing.
What if it attacks?
A squid?  The size of a whale?  I don't think so.  Target acquired.  Sixty yards.
What was that?
Direction's east coming!
Shut up Beth.  I don't want to hear it.
Nice work Captain sir.
You're a fucking biochemist aren't you?  Can't you tell us something.
I'm not sure.  I've never seen anything like it.
Nobody move!
But she's --
Nobody move.
Forgive me.  I've never read the Navy manual.  I wonder what it says about bathroom and shower procedures.
There are procedures Beth that I want followed.  My procedures.  And considering what's going on I want you to follow them very closely.
Yeah.  I heard you.
Back at the door -- I asked you to back away.
Two and a half days?
They told me about sixty hours.
How long will that be?
The surface ships will be back. After the storm clears.
Edmunds do you have a 20 on Norman?
What are you -- his mother?  Get Norman I want everyone ready to go.  Edmunds the subs?
I am not leaving without him.  Do you hear me?  We come down as a team we leave as a team.
Yeasts?  Thank you Beth but I don't think we're gonna open it up and find a loaf of bread.
Not everything.  Even on earth.  Take ... yeasts.
How about I just press the button?
Alright Beth do that thing you did before.
Any of you get ahead of me -- walk this far up?
What is it?
Would you wait a minute?
I said back away.
Wait a minute --
Back away then.
There's heat coming the door.
Basic English?  There's no way this spacecraft was constructed on our planet.
In basic English what does all this mean?
Of what we're able to measure roughly twenty-six hundred feet.
How big is this spacecraft?
You see the lever on the green box? Upper right hand corner?
Yes sir.  I'm here.
Ted go into the control room. Listen for my instructions.
Jerry?  Please.  Stop this.
What the hell?  It shut us down.
Going active.
No.  I think we should shut down the communication lines inside the habitat.  He might be listening now.
Maybe so.  But I think we need to ask Jerry about it.
Bullshit.  What's out there isn't alien.  It's an animal.
Yes I do.  Whatever's out there I think is his response to us refusing to talk to him earlier.
You think he killed Edmunds?
But sir I think it's imperative.  I think the messages the animals we've seen what killed Edmunds the reading you got earlier -- I think they're all related.
I don't want you talking to Jerry.
At least our obituaries will be accurate.  That's reassuring.
If something should happen to us the Navy will at least have partial records of what happened.
Edmunds?  Can you copy?
... it raises a very serious question: <u>What happens if Jerry</u> <u>gets mad</u>?
Damn it Edmunds?
Because if Jerry is powerful and also emotional...
I think we should be careful. Consider his emotional response.
You don't think weapons are important?
That's smart.  Let's talk about guns and violence.
Great okay.  Ask him about his weapons.
What am I -- a dog now?
The message doesn't show a lack of intelligence.  It's smart.  It's approaching us in a simple way.  Like you would a dog.  Holding out your hand letting it sniff get used to you.
-- I didn't know it would come to this --
-- and then brought her down here --
Wait a second --
You knowingly recommended a woman with suicidal tendencies for a government operation --
At the time I don't know I thought putting her on the list -- it might help her career -- catch her a break.
So you knew this when you wrote your report?
'81 I think.  She tried again five years ago.  I thought you should know.
When was this?
She put a razor to her wrists a day later.
She should've known better.
A while back Beth and I -- we worked at the same university.  She was assisting a chemist there -- I forget his name -- doing research experiments.  She was also living with him.  Yeah I know.  And when she finished her work he kicked her out broke off the relationship and published five papers -- all her work -- without any thank you or acknowledgement.
I think I do.
You don't want to know.
How drastic?
I'm not paranoid.  I know Beth.  She can be drastic.
I told you people nobody goes anywhere unless I say.
You can't just leave Harry down here sir.
He's here somewhere.  Find him.  The sub's on it's way.  Go!  C'mon!
He's missing.  He's gone.  He left.
What do you mean he's missing?
Harry's missing.
Just worry about yourself.
All I'm saying is someone should keep an eye on him.
Look the ships are clearing out. They're taking us topside in a matter of minutes.  Someone can check him out there if it's that imprtant.
I'm telling you Harry's lost it. He's saying there's a deathwish out for each of us.
Don't get hysterical Norman.
Everything can be killed.
I don't know.  That's the point.
You mean what's in that thing is immortal?
Or maybe it can't <u>be</u> killed.
If it is alien maybe we shouldn't try to open it at all.
Maybe we shouldn't.
I don't know.  But it's something alien.
Picked up something?  What is it?
Take a look.
What is it Norman?
It's a corrosive gas.  On earth it makes a half-eaten apple turn brown and puts the ugly iron rust on an Oldsmobile.  At a pressure this low oxygen becomes toxic.  Breathe it down here and it'll do to your dick what it does to the Oldsmobile.
What's wrong with oxygen?
They pressurize us with helium.
But sir I don't understand.  This report -- these recommendations... they're for an encounter with extra- terrestrial life.
Your report's become our bible down here Dr. Johnson.  We've been carrying out each of your recommendations -- one by one -- to the smallest detail.
ULF report?  Nobody's mentioned that in years.  You mean someone actually read it?
The one you recommended.  In the ULF report you wrote for the Bush administration.
We think it might.  That's why we brought you here.  We've assembled your team -- they're waiting for us now.
It doesn't make any sense.
Off the record I don't mind telling you this thing scares the shit out of me.
I'm afraid it is Dr. Johnson... because it's sitting on the bottom of our ocean floor.
It's impossible.
Extraordinary isn't it?
-- there's got to be some mistake here -- a four hundred year old military spacecraft?  There's no such thing... our space program isn't even forty years old.
Maybe older --
-- dating the crash at least that old.
-- Wait a second --
Coral grows at a rate of two and a half centimeters a year --
Geologists?
See this?  Coral.  Geologists measured the coral growth on top of the craft to be over five meters thick.
As best we can estimate it crashed four hundred years ago.
Not really no.  Something of the military crashes in the ocean -- it explains why there was nothing on the news why you've kept everything a secret...  When did it crash?
Something like that.  That doesn't surprise you?
What is it?  A military spacecraft? Like a shuttle or satellite?
What do you need me for?
Then why am I here?
Survivors?  No I wouldn't think so.
A thousand?  An airplane crashes into a thousand feet of water -- I don't want to sound pessimistic here but I assume there are no survivors.
A thousand feet.
How deep is he?
They didn't tell me anything.
A cyclone's on it's way in.  I thought they would have told you on the phone.
Storm?  What storm?
We're moving fast considering the storm.
Well we don't have all the facts yet.
From what?  What's with all the security?
Good.  Security's been our biggest worry.  Now that you're here we can shut this thing down tight.
Press?  No I haven't.
You talk to any reporters?  Any press?
Nothing else.
Anything else?
The usual.  Plane crash.  Survivers unknown.  Routine stuff really.
What have you been told so far?
Come with me.  The team's already waiting.
The Pentagon?  I didn't know I had friends in Washington.
Don't thank me Dr. Johnson.  You weren't my choice.  The Pentagon made me take you.
Well thanks for the opportuninty here -- my wife appreciates it.
Captain.  Right forgive me.
Thank you Colonel.
In a minute sir.
Edmunds get in here.  I need you for this.
If the subs aren't here yet sir --
Norman get out of there now! Norman?
Sir!  Sir the door -- it's opening.
They've left keep watching!
Sir if the subs haven't left by now...
In the ship sir.
Well where the fuck is he?
What the hell is going on here?
Nothing sir.
Fuck him.  What?  Hello?
Nothing sir.
Any sign of Harry?
They're coming.
I'm getting no sub reading sir.
Send them damn it!  I know but I'm not gonna be held responsible --
Subs are still at surface sir.
Harry?  Can you copy?
Get him out of there.  I thought I told you people --
Nothing.  I don't know.  Everything was normal.  No changes at all.
What caused it?
Well shit -- find something do something... make something up --
We don't have anything else to try Sir.
Thank you I can see that.  Try something else.
It's not sucking sir.
Working on it now sir.
Can you open that panel?
If the technology of that sphere is advanced enough -- the way it functions is gonna appear to us like magic.
She wired this system.
She's not gonna know.
Edmunds?  Get in here.  I want to know exactly how this is being transmitted.
What -- you want me to retype it?
I'm in charge.
She's not gonna know sir.
Not now Beth.  Please.  I want to know who we're talking to before we start talking.  Where's Edmunds?
He understands me fine.
Are you enjoying yourself Harry because I don't know what the hell you're doing.
It's not ignorant.
Ignorant.  The thing's ignorant.
How do you mean strange?
I have to tell you.  It's strange.
What's the message?
We're all very proud of you Harry but what the hell is it?
It's a single sequence repeated over and over.
Please watch your closest monitor...
Who is that?  Where's that coming from?
Ladies and Gentlemen...
Gimme a report I want --
Just tell me worst case.  Worst case of what we might find?
Let's say whoever made this thing is a thousand years ahead of us just like we are to say medieval Europe.  Suppose you went back to medieval Europe with a TV set.  There wouldn't be any place to plug it in.
You don't know that.
It could.  But the odds of it being any use to us are against it.
Or it could contain some great benefit to us some astonishing new idea or technology to help mankind.
It's nonsense.  There's enough difference between our own species to prove that.
So?  What's the problem?
Man is man all he knows is man and all he can think of is what he knows.  The anthropomorphic problem. Good Norman.
Ted seems to have some ideas.
So how do we get it open?
A break for what?
To conceal a small break in the surface of the sphere.
No.  They don't represent a message. They aren't decorative at all.  They have another purpose entirely.
So do we.  And it seems to have picked up something on it's travels.
We know how this craft got here. Where it's been.
Ted?  Captain?
Then how can it be chipped?
I thought you said there wasn't any damage done in the crash?
I don't know how it can be chipped but it's chipped.
Chipped?  The door?  How can it be chipped?
It's chipped.
I'm not saying anything Harry I'm just stating the facts.  The outer metal is made of a titanium alloy built into an epoxy- resin honeycomb.  The necessary technology to bond this type of metal has never been invented.
Right.  So you're saying it survived a high speed impact with water without a scratch?
To the craft?  None.  Not a scratch.
How much damage?
Resetting the sub.
What was Edmunds doing outside?
Well until we know exactly what it is nobody goes outside understood?
It won't register.  It's too big to image.
The sensors are picking up something outside.
What is that?
Don't make stuff up these emotional theories just so you can feel important here.
Give him a chance.  He's speaking our language not the other way around.
It's not talking it's mimicking.
I am not gonna explain in some damn report that one person died in a deepsat expedition so we could meet an alien named Jerry.
Captain I personally feel we should ask much more substantive questions --
I want a name.  A real name.  This thing's full name rank and serial number.
What's inside the sphere.
From the sphere?
Get out of there.  I don't want anyone going anywhere outside understood?
She says jellyfish are a delicacy. You know I never knew that.
Internal power.
They switched us over.
We're on the bottom of the fucking ocean -- he can't just walk outside!
Sir about leaving --
How can he be missing?
Ted shut up.  Are you packed?  Ready to go?  I want everyone packed.  Now!
Did you hear me sir because --
What?  No I know they're civilians...
Can I stay sir?  I'm willing to risk it.  I am.  After what we just witnessed.
Maybe it's a message of some sort you know?  See this red here.
But what does it do?  This... sphere.
Maybe we didn't want to come back.
What would we be working on in the future that would make us want to come back?
Time travel.  I always thought it was one of those myths... like Santa's reindeer.
Considered what?  That it's American? How would you think it's American?
We had considered it.
What do you make of this?
What's wrong?
A foot and a half thick?  That'd withstand a helluva lot of radiation.
Radiation shield you think?
Some sort of lead or something.
What is it?
Look at this.
What are you going to do -- shoot her?
Ted get her away from the door.
What if we go out there you know -- wedge a crowbar in the door and pry the thing open.
What <u>about</u> a crowbar?
Duly noted Ted.  Edmunds try using suction.
I'd also like it noted --
Nobody goes inside until we know <u>what's</u> inside.
Captain you know I really appreciate you hauling us a thousand feet below sea level so we can watch this historical event on television.
The wing dimension alone is larger that any aircraft we've seen.
A half a mile long?
Down below Harry said we would all have to die.  Since there was no evidence on that spacecraft that anybody knew time travel through a black hole was possible -- and we all knew -- then we would all have to die before we could tell anyone. Death was the only logical explanation.  But sitting here we still know.  So how is that possible?  Unless we make ourselves forget.
How's that?
Yes.  And I think we already know it will.
Would it work?
Get away --
Get away from me!
You hear that?
What is that?  What are you doing?
Let's get out of here Beth.  Let's go home.
Top shelf is it?
Oh sure.  Here.  Anything else Beth can get you?  Some more chicken perhaps.  Let Beth check the fridge.
Beth -- gimme the gun.
Don't tell me about me.  I already know too much.
Oh please don't shrink me Norman. Not now.
I know.  You're too strong Beth.
You can't stop it Norman.  You can't fight me.
Leave me alone Norman.
It's you Norman.  Your fear of drowning.  You have to face it.
From you Norman.  From your mind. You're doing it.
Then where's it coming from?
Stop what?  Don't blame me.  It's not me.
Beth stop it!
Don't you know?
Where is it coming from Beth?
You're frightened aren't you Norman?
I'm not fucking with you Norman. You've fucked yourself.
Don't fuck with me Beth.
Of course you're going to deny it. You want to blame someone else.  You want to blame Beth.  Because you hate Beth.
Get away from the door Beth.
This is what I'm talking about Norman.  Don't you see?  It's in you. This vindictiveness.  This rage.
You think I care?  You think I care if I die?  Would I put explosives around the habitat -- set on vibration sensors -- that can trigger automatically if I cared about myself?  Would I? I've tried twice before Norman why wouldn't I try a third time?  I'm not thinking about myself -- No Norman I'm thinking about you.  Your safety. Protecting you from your own self.
It's not safe for you to be either.
It's your choice.  Because it's not safe for you to be awake.  To be walking around.  To be thinking about things.
It's either this... or I kill you.
Don't Beth.  Please.
You think I'd belive you?  Believe anything you might say now?  After you lied to me about telling Barnes about my past.  About my problems.  My problems.  Not yours.  Not his.  Mine.
Promise what Norman?  Tell me!
I promise --
But I have to Norman.
Don't Beth.
It's not me Beth.  I swear.  It can't be.
I'm not scaring you am I Norman?  I hope I'm not frightening you.  The last thing I want to do is frighten you.  You feel okay don't you?
Shut up Beth --
That's bullshit.
You don't remember you did.  But I'm sure you remember running like some fucking hero to get Harry don't you?  You remember that.
I never went in that sphere.
Am I?  Or am I making so much sense that you're going insane?
You're insane.
Did I?  Or was that you?  When you were hiding in the bathroom -- all conspiratorially like you were -- you became frightened didn't you?  Terrified.  Like you were with the snake earlier -- and suddenly you have snakes slithering all over the floor.  You did that Norman.
You manifested that Beth.
One lonely terrifying sea snake.
That's when you went in the sphere.
And the snakes?  You want to know about the snakes?  You saw one outside earlier didn't you?  When you thought I had deserted you -- you were terrified.
Am I lying?  Are you sure?  Are you absolutely sure I'm lying?  Then explain to me about the jellyfish.  Earlier.  Why did we see jellyfish?  Harry doesn't fear jellyfish.  You do.  They're your fear aren't they?
You're lying --
C'mon -- what?
Beth you're losing it.  C'mon.
Yes someone did.  But it wasn't me Norman.  It was you.  You manifested the snakes.
Someone did.
You think I manifested the snakes?
Then why Beth?  Why go in?  Why put out explosives?  Why manifest the snakes?
No he can't.
He can't manifest.
No he isn't.
Against what?  Harry's unconscious. He's not a threat.
Same reason I put explosives around the habitat.  For defense.  For the power.  To protect myself.
Why did you go in the sphere Beth?
If I was then I would've had to have gone in the sphere wouldn't I?
Are you manifesting them?
Do you fear them?
You tell me.
What are they doing down here?  In the bathroom?  Suddenly appearing.
Am I afraid of them?  Not during the day.  Sea snakes are diurnal.  When the sun's out they don't bite. Fortunately for you I had on my watch.  This is quite good.
You know what I mean.
Snakes?  What do you mean exactly?
How do you feel about snakes?
I did do that didn't I?
You put explosives around the habitat I can't imagine what you'd put in a drink.
You don't think I put something in it do you?
You think I'd really drink that?
It's getting cold.
I'm feeling better.
What's wrong Norman?
Oh yes my watch.  I almost forgot.
Your watch.
What was that?  I couldn't hear you.
How's Harry?
The grooves around the door -- they've shifted.  And the pattern -- the fluids -- they look darker now.
What do you mean different?
The sphere looks different.
In the sub.  Resetting the timer. Why?
Where are you?
What is it Norman?
You're not sorry.  You're scared.  You're a psychologist Norman.  You pride yourself on knowing when someone's lying to you not telling you the truth.  And now you're scared ... because you're not sure you can tell anymore.
Not believing you.
Only lab rats.  Here.
Thirty years ago.  In residency.  I passed out.  You?
You ever given an injection before.
Look it's either him or us Norman. Another attack and we go down with this place.
You want to kill him?
To be on the safe side.  I mean --
It's an idea.
What if it takes 20 minutes Norman? What if it takes an hour?  And he can fight it off?  We can't afford that.
Doesn't say.
How fast does it take effect?
What?  Wait -- isn't that dangerous?
I'll just boost the doses.
Three to six hours.
How long does it last?
It's like a sleeping pill?
Causes sleep.
What's that?
It's a soporific.
P-a-r-a-s-o...
How do you spell it?
Parasolutrine?
Antibiotic.
Damn it!  Chloramphenicol?
Antihistamine.  For bites.
Tranquilizer.  Causes drowsiness.
Nothing about drowsiness.
Does it cause drowsiness?  That's all we need.  To get him unconscious -- put him under.
A synthetic opium analogue.
It's for motion sickness.
Ephedrine hydrochloride.
Something for burns.
Diphenyl parlene.
Why would Harry go back to using a code?
Looks like some sort of code.
Must be.  And if it is -- it's a part of him not even he can control.
And that's the part of Harry that's being manifested.
No.  I mean we've always believed we can think anything we want without consequences.  You ever read the Bible?  It talks about our sinful nature you know?  I mean we can think and believe and desire whatever we want but there's a part of us -- a shadow side as Jung called it -- that can't be controlled.  It's evil. It's inside us.  It's what we are.
His dream?  You can't control your dreams.  And you can't control your fears can you?
He must not realize he is.  Like the Navy crewman -- Harry was sleeping then.  He must've manifested his dream.
But why is he doing it?
It's his fear.  The squid.  He's manifesting his fears.  Making them real.
Which I told Barnes was attacking --
I don't know Beth.  I'm not the fucking alien that built the thing. But it can.  When Harry came out of the sphere he mumbled something about page 87.  How he would never read that far -- he was too scared to.  Then you found the book remember in your lab.  Then in the cafeteria -- and page 87 talks about a giant squid...
How can the sphere do that?
I don't know.
He acquired some sort of power.  A power to manifest things.
You think in the sphere --
When did the messages start?  The animals outside start showing up? After Harry came out of the sphere.
What do you mean a part of Harry?
He translated it wrong.
Manifested?
After the attack a Navy guy woke me up -- I don't know -- I thought he was an illusion.  But I checked the tape and Jerry said he manifested him.
Damn it Norman!  He's lying.  Don't you get it?  There is something seriously fucked up going on here -- and he's causing it.  Why can't you believe me?
I don't know Beth.  I wasn't there.
You think it's me?  You think I'm saying there was a conversation when there wasn't?
This being after you so carefully fixed my suit.
Damn it Norman.  I swear.  I had a whole conversation with the man when he woke up.
All I know is I opened that refridgerator --
You don't believe me.
No it wasn't.  I swear none of this was here.  None of it.  You think he hid it?  Earlier.  He must've hid it.
Did you look?  It was on the top shelf.
None of this was here before.
1-800-Deepsea delivery.  I hear they're good.
Wait a second --
We must've had it delivered then.
That wasn't in there before.
It's a pretty common place to look for food when you don't think you have any.
The refridgerator.
The refridgerator.
Fixing it?  But I fixed --  Where'd you get all that?
What's Harry doing with your suit in there?
I think so Beth.  Yes.
You get it straightened out?
Deserts you?  Harry said he'd take over for me.
Yeah well I get that way when I'm facing death and someone deserts me.
Getting food.  We were out of food. what's wrong?  You sound mad.
What are you doing in the ship?  Beth?
... what do you mean?  I'm in the ship.
Still clear.
Still clear?
You can't.  Counter's at 10 minutes. You don't have time.
My air isn't... I'm coming back.
Yes Norman.  I did.  You're just nervous.
You fixed this suit?  Beth?
What's the matter?
Still clear.
I can't see anything.  How does it look?  Still clear?
The sub's a 100 feet in front of you.  You see it?
You press a button Norman.  It's not brain surgery.  Here go ahead.  You only have 15 minutes to reset it.  Go on Norman...
But I don't know how --
You don't trust me?
You fixed my suit?
I fixed your suit.
I would.  But my suit --
I don't trust Harry to do it.
In case you die too?
You should know how it works.  Just in case.
Why should I go?
Maybe you should go.  To the sub.
Get the helium out of our bloodstream.  We go to the surface now we'd pop like a soda bottle.
We can't.  The storm.  The waves would toss us around worse than we got down here.  And we have four days of decompression when we get up top.
Wake him then.  Let's go.  Get outta --
You me and Harry.  He's asleep.
You me and Harry?
It's also our only way out of here! It holds three people.  And there's only three of us left now.
It's not worth the risk.
Don't bother me Norman.
Forget the sub.
I have to reset the sub.
Where are you going in such a hurry?
No I should stay calm.  Like you say.  Right Norman?  Stay calm.
Yeah okay.  Sure Norman.
Beth I didn't.  Hold it together. Alright?
You bastard.
Don't do this.
You did didn't you?
You told him about me?
You said something to him didn't you?
It's done alright?  It's over!  And there's not a damn thing we can do about it now okay?
Don't tell me to calm down!
Calm down Beth.  Alright?
He's not just a Navy captain -- he works for the fucking Pentagon.
You went through Edmunds' things?
In Edmunds' things.
Where did you get this?
Fuck you Norman!  It's right here...
You're jumping to conclusions Beth. Don't get worked up --
So who was Barnes talking to at the last minute?  Nobody.
Yeah he <u>told</u> you.  Think.  What was Barnes doing before they cut that cable loose?  He was on the phone. Except that cable is a thousand feet long Norman.  They would've broken off communication with us four five minutes before they cleared out.
C'mon Beth.  Don't make this personal.  He told me himself they were taking us back.
... He lied to us.  He left us down here.
What are they?
What could have done this?
She was crushed.  Feel her skin -- it's like sandpaper.
I can't feel her bones.  She's like a sponge.
I didn't do anything wrong.  I didn't mean...
Nobody said... Norman...  What?  Why are you looking at me like that?
What?...  Wait.  Don't... why are you --
They are or they aren't.  Which is it?
I mean I'm not... I wasn't absolutely sure if... they --
What?  Why...
And you didn't tell anyone?
You knew about the squid not being normal.  Before Fletcher went out there?
Wait a minute.
They have six tentacles.  A new species.  And the squid too.  They had no stomach.
What do you mean -- not normal?
Normally I'd say no.  Everything's quiet now -- no ships no divers no electricity.  Makes sense.  But what's curious is -- these aren't normal jellyfish.
Me?  Well I was wrapped in seaweed. It itched for a while but I survived.  Beth do you find it... curious that we're seeing all this life down here.  Nothing and then these enormous flocks of squid.  Then jellyfish?
What about you?  What happened to you?
Yeah it was awful.
My gosh Norman.
... when I was six my younger brother and I -- we went swimming in the Pacific.  At my mother's beach house.  We both felt stinging and when we came out of the water he was wearing jellyfish head to toe. Killed him.
No thank you.  I hate jellyfish.
A bad one.  It was the only book in there.  Norman come here look at this.
We have a library?
The library.
Where'd this come from?
Disrupt our brain waves interfere with our ability to think.
It could breathe in air and exhale cyanide gas.
Get this thing off me.
Good theory Ted.
400 years ago?  I'm sure Christopher Columbus would've loved these accomodations.
Such a gentlemen when you're scared shitless.
No.  Go ahead.  Really.  Ladies first.
You're next Norman.
Yeah.  Drowning.
Isn't there a psychological term for that Dr. Johnson?
What -- are you threatening me?
Just keep your mouth shut alright? This could mean everything to our careers you know that?  Don't jeopardize this.
The timing has never seemed quite right.
Well let's pray that's the only mistake you made.  Have you said anything to Barnes about this?
It never occurred to me.
Well you must have realized the chances an encounter like this would happen here.  In the ocean.  70 percent of the earth's surface is water Norman.  That's first grade geography.
We can't go down there.  We're not prepared.  That deep?  That takes years of training Beth.  We're just scientists.  Lab scietists.  We wear ties and lab coats to work -- not oxygen tanks.
What do you expect?  For them to bring it up here?
Underwater?
To the spacecraft.  To investigate.
Wait -- down where?
Because when we get down there --
C'mon Beth -- that report's like the blind leading the blind.
Do yourself a favor Norman.  Are you listening?  Don't tell anyone what you just told me.
I spent a week reading Sagan and watching re-runs of the Twilight Zone.  Seriously.  I was just trying to pay the mortgage on my house -- I had no idea --
That's quite a secret.
It's bullshit.  The report's a joke.
I've read it twice Norman.  It's brilliant.
That ULF report everybody's patting me on the back about?
I love secrets.
Beth look can I trust you with a little secret?
Who says it's a he?
He doesn't wait for an answer.
By the bunks.
Norman?  Where's Norman?
I'm a woman.  I don't theorize.  I only deal with facts.
Well what's your theory?
It doesn't make any sense.
I don't get it.
Well they're not mine.
Well think.  Because there's footprints here that aren't mine.
No.  I don't think so.
What's that -- mistake number two Norman?
Won't make any difference.  The tapes document everything.
We can refuse to talk.
They're going to want answers and they're going to keep asking until they get them.
Yes you are...
No I'm not.  I'm not star--
You're staring at me.
Like what?  I'm not --
Why are you looking at me like that?
Another attack?
Our habitat I mean.  This place can't handle another attack.
Just in time for what?
In time for what?
Just in time too.
Yeah I don't know how you could make that confusion.
I'm sorry.  Slip of the tongue.
That's a hell of a mistake to make Beth.
Jerry.  Right.  I said Jerry didn't I?
Harry?  That's bullshit.  We stood right there --
We never even had a conversation Norman.
Yes you did.  Norman I wouldn't leave you out there.  You know that.
I never said that.
When he woke up he said we were out of food.  He told me to get some from the ship.
Cannibalism to be extreme.  And now we're talking about a new life form. Their values and ethics may be incomprehensible.
Take politics our views on abortion the death penalty...
A light switch.  A button opened that door -- the craft runs on some sort of power.
What are you looking for?
It's an American spacecraft.
Then what is it?
You'd have to ask them.
It's empty.  Why would someone build a ship like this?
For whoever's in that thing.
For who?  The fish?
All that banging and pounding.  I don't know.  We should think about making a good first impression.
Pry the thing open?  What are we -- neanderthals?
Harry thinks it's some sort of discharge from our own system but I've seen it discharge before -- and it didn't look anything like this.
Is it coming from our own computer?
No idea.  We have no surface support. It transmitted too fast to be coming from underwater.
Where's it coming from?
Minutes ago.  Harry's trying to decode it in his room now.
When did it come across?
It would erase all our knowledge of it.  All of our power.
You mean forget?
The power allows us to manifest our fears right?  What if we feared the power to go away?
We all kill ourselves?  Bad joke.  Sorry Beth.
There is one possibility.
No.  I don't.  But I always said to myself when I die I want to die laughing.
Good.  Thank you.  Now that I have it on.  Why are you laughing?  You don't even know what that means.
How's that working out by the way?
It's not fast enough Norman. There's a helluva lot of explosive down there.
Nine hundred feet to surface.
Less than a minute we're never gonna make it.
Well press something!
You know how to work this thing?
I'm trying.  There.
Get her out of the seat I need room to sit.  Harry?
You got her?
Her legs are in the way.
Just pull her -- down like inside -- Harry work with me here!
Gimme a second --
I'm trying to keep balance with --
C'mon Norman!
Shut up and catch.
Three fifty-six three fifty-five three --
I heard!  I heard!
Hurry Norman.  Four minutes.
Are you trying damn it?  Just --
I'm trying.  Shit.  Here -- catch her.
Push her c'mon.
I can't reach her.
How far away's the sub?
Two and a half minutes.  Once we're in the sub.
How much time you figure to get to the surface?
Shut up and open the door.
We're never gonna make it.
Help me lift her.
I could hit her a little harder. More toward the cranium.
I don't think so.
Did I kill her?
Stop what?  What are you -- ?
It's the squid!  Stop it!
You know what it is Harry.
What is it?
Is that why the two of you went through my dufflebag?
That's right.
The three of us.
We just figured you know the three of us -- we need to... work together through this.
Don't have to.  Watch.  It'll do it for you.
How do we decode it?
Navy transmission.  They're sent from Wisconsin.
Wisconsin's your answer.
She's lying Norman.  Just like she lied about fixing your suit.
But why would she -- ?
I was just in the cafeteria there's plenty of food in there.  Take a look for yourself.
You didn't say that about the food?
She's cracking Norman.
I thought she was with you.
Her suit's gone.
She was supposed to be watching the sensor for me.
When I woke up nobody was here.
What do you mean?  She's not here?
What happened to her?
Thank you.  My suit -- Beth said she fixed it --
You're clear.  You see the airlock?
I can't breathe...  Am I... clear?
Norman where are you?
... you there?  Norman?
I don't remember much.  It's like my memory is on the tip of my tongue -- but I can't taste any of it.  Funny my senses are much keener though. Purer.  Hearing seeing smelling. Like I can smell your sheets Norman.  You tried to wash it out earlier But I can still smell the urine.  Don't worry I'm not going to tell the others.  It's normal really isn't it?  In a crisis.  The stress. The panic.
You don't remember that?
You said something to me before -- about how we were all going to die.
Don't do this.  Don't psychoanalyze me.  I hate squid.  Period.  Just like you hate jellyfish.
Have you looked outside?  Jellyfish. Everywhere.  I hate jellyfish.  Harry what happened in the cafeteria?
There's some sort of pattern here. It'll take a minute.
Getting anywhere with those?
What are they?
These aren't half bad Fletcher.  You might have a second career coming.
That far in what Harry?
I could never read that far.  I never wanted to.
Page 87 of what Harry?
What happens on page 87?  Have you ever read page 87?
What is it Harry?
Then explain it to me.
You don't understand about the sphere.
Tell me about the door.  Do you remember how you opened the door to the sphere?... Harry?
You were all supposed to leave.  You weren't supposed to stay down here.
You remember opening the door?
What are you still doing here?
Harry can you tell me about the sphere?
It's like...
What noise?
What is that?  That noise?
Curious isn't it?  What's inside? Before I die I'd sure like to open it and see.
It's what's in that sphere isn't it Harry?  Whatever you think is in that thing -- you think it's going to kill you.
Then what Norman?
No.  I didn't say that.
You mean you think I'm cracking?
Look -- we're under a lot of pressure we're tired you're not thinking straight.
I can't.  If I had a minute to think maybe but I know you're wrong.
Gimme another explanation.
I can't believe that Harry.
Meaning we're never gonna get to the surface alive... to tell anyone.
Meaning we're never gonna get the chance to tell anyone.
So <u>we know</u>.  We know it went through a black hole.  We saw it.  Norman -- when we'd get to the surface we'd tell someone about the black hole wouldn't we?  It'd go in some report like some big discovery.  So in fifty years when they build that ship they'd make precautions for a black hole.  <u>But they didn't</u>.  The called it an Unknown Entry Event.
I don't follow you.
A sign that the builders knew time travel through a black hole was possible.
Not a clue.
I'm completely serious.  There is something very important missing from that spacecraft.  You know what that is?
Don't be so optomistic Harry.
Good point.  I don't know what you're talking about but good point.
And we're just talking about three- dimensional creatures.  What if it's five or six or seven-dimensional?  So dimensional that we couldn't even see it to kill it.
Everything ever written about extra- terrestial life imagines that life is essentially human.  If it doesn't look human it's a reptile or a big insect or something having human values human understanding.
I mentioned it in my report.  Didn't you read the report?
Our present.
But on the way home they miss their turn go too far into the past.
This spacecraft was designed to pick things up.  They see things they want -- these claws go out and bring it in.  They come across this.  This... <u>sphere</u>.  Find it interesting curious.  They draw it inside to take back home.
Which one?  Let me get the list out.
This answers one of our questions.
Time travel.  A black hole.
Our answer.
Whatever I can do to help.
Nice work Norman.
Look would you --
C'mon Norman.
Wait a second I --
No why don't --
Go ahead.  Ladies first.
You sound defensive.
I'm not being defensive.
Don't be defensive.
Fine.  I'm fine.
You holding up alright?
How are you feeling Norman?
Don't gimme that psychology bullshit Norman.  Psychology isn't a science it's superstition.  It's a bunch of soft subjective theories without any hard data to back it up. With an intellect like this emotions don't mean shit.
Good idea Ted.
What'd you say?
Codes are for <u>hiding</u> information.  So it's making a mistake.  It's making a code without intending to.  I figured it's probably substituting numbers for letters...  Then I began to wonder what an alien intelligence would make of our keyboard.  And since we're getting spirals I imagined the keyboard as a spiral.  So I translated it...
See?  No code.  What'd I say?
... I asked myself why would the sphere be using a code?  If you're trying to communicate why use a code?
Yeah I'll work on it too.
If it is a message it's probably a substitution code.  I'll work on it.
It's not a discharge.  Right Edmunds?  You said before right?  So it's gotta be a message.
Well if it's a discharge --
Impotent?  I'm not impotent.
Salt's good for you Ted.  Helps you from getting impotent.
Hey go easy on the salt will ya? We're not a bunch of icy streets here.
Look closely.  That isn't writing. Those are grooves.
Looks like a design some writing maybe.  Maybe it was sent to meet the spacecraft with a message.
Not where.  When.  400 years ago.  From our future.
Arrived?  From where?
It didn't fly here.  It <u>arrived</u> here.
Please.  It must have flown here --
Meaning it didn't land in the water.
We take a weeny little wedge bang on it a couple of times and bust off a chunk of the metal.  Yet any spacecraft -- even at a low velocity say 200 miles an hour -- crashes into the water -- it's gonna be like hitting concrete it would crumple like paper.  But there isn't a dent to be seen anywhere.  Not even a scratch.
It's been obvious from the start hasn't it Captain?  That's why all the secrecy why no one was told about it?
An American spacecraft?  Half a mile long?  And buried 400 years?  Yeah good theory Harry.
Save your breath.  It's not an alien spacecraft.
If it is an alien spacecraft --
Gimme a minute here... I think I've got it.
All the facts you need are right in front of you.
Unless this alien spacecraft was -- you know -- somehow presenting itself to Americans in a way that would make us feel comfortable.
Think about it.
Why would this ship carry instructions in English?
But it's impossible.
A spacecraft half a mile long -- with 500 tonnes of coral on top of it?  Someone went to a lot of trouble.  Try again.
Is it some sort of joke?  Like one of those hoaxes?
You don't think it does?  I think it's rather obvious.
That's right.
Shutup Ted.  You didn't notice shit. Keep hammering.
Alot like.  You know I noticed it before but I didn't...
Gimme some room here will you?  Back off.  Gimme some space.
Easy Ted we're not mining gold.
You're not afraid of the water are you Norman?
It's just like swimming Norman... You know how to swim don't you?
Just one of Norman's many secrets.
What is it Harry?
She told me what you said Norman.
Norman thinks we shouldn't be going down.  Thinks it's a mistake.
What does Norman already know?
To who?  Arthur?  Nothing.  Nothing that Norman doesn't already know.
What'd you say to him?
About the time paradox.  How we were all going to die -- that there was no way we would make it out of here alive --
What was that sir?
That whole time -- I couldn't stop thinking of what Harry was saying earlier...
They're in the sub sir.  Waiting.
Beth and Harry?
The others sir?
How are the others?
They're topside.  We're ready to take you home sir.
It's over sir The storm has cleared.
Does this mean what I think it means?
Norman Johnson.
Told me what?
You mean they haven't told you yet?
What report?
By the way sir I've read your report.  I think it's brilliant.
Barnes.  He's very eager to meet you. Been calling us every half hour to see if you're arrived.
Captain who?
Captain Barnes wants to see you right away sir.
This way sir.
No they didn't say --
No other equipment?  Scientific instruments?
Just that.  Careful it's heavy.
Any other bags Dr. Johnson?
What the hell would a geologist be doing at a plane crash?
Strange isn't it?  In the middle of the ocean no less.
Geologists?  At a plane crash?
Physicists mathematicians geologists you name it.
Who's everyone?
Must be another Johnson then.  Been flying so many scientists out here -- can't keep everyone straight.
You mean you don't know?
What report?
What report?
Well everybody's been talking about that report you wrote.
You've heard of me?
Oh so you're that Dr. Johnson.
I'm in psychology.  Was.  Still am really just been a while.  I treat aircrash survivors.
Of course he did.  He's been isloated for 400 years.  He wants someone to talk to.  Look you put a human being in isolation for four days they can become neurotic sometimes psychotic.  We're talking about 400 years here.  An alien that shows emotional responses.  I think we need to address him before he reacts further.
Jerry isn't hostile Norman.  He said earlier -- we were his friends --
I'm not sure.
You think Jerry has something to do with what killed Edmunds?  With what's out there?
Not that I know of.  Why?
Has Harry spoken with Jerry?
Barnes didn't know.  Couldn't get a reading.
What was it?
Why's that?
Frankly Ted I'd be much happier if Jerry was just a cold emotionless intellect.
You want to put him on your couch Norman.  Grill him about his childhood?
Unless it's an act.
Well he's polite.
Well how about we wait and see what Harry comes up with?
Inside the sphere.  Look that's the vertical torso three legs two arms.  There's no head so I'm guessing the creature's head is located within the torso itself you know?
The creature?
Don't you see it?  It's a picture of the creature.
This is like nursery school.
Try this one.
Please Ted.
Squint harder.
I don't see anything.
Take a look.  I rearranged the numbers.  Put 'em up to the light.  Go ahead.  Squint at it.
You mean a picture?
It's not some fucking substitution code it's a direct visual representation.
He's manic Norman.  You know that? This reliance on Harry is misplaced. You hear me?  Totally misplaced.  He's overlooking things.  Obvious things.
Still make a note I recognized that.
Earth doesn't have a patent on buttons Ted.
Strange isn't it?  You know -- how it would have a button.
You're a 53 year old shrink what are you gonna do?
You want me to try?
He's a pussy.
He wasn't feeling well.
They never used to send a Navy car.
I don't know.
Was it a military crash?
There's a U.S.  Navy car outside Norman.
How are you getting to the airport? You need money for the bus?
Keep watching the news.  Are you watching the news?
Four years of unemployment would look too good on a resume.
Four.  Four years --
Well I can't imagine five years of unemployment --
Don't be so supportive honey.
In the closet.  I don't understand Norman -- why would they call you?
He didn't say much at all.  Honey --
There's nothing on the news about a crash.  Did he say what airline?
You seen my suitcase?
What kind of a crash was it?
May the Force be with you.
We'll be back before you are old man.
That's straight through the central core... up toward the top of the city... Once you've got her avoid the main transports they'll shut down immediately.  Your only chance is through the service shafts. There are no sensors there... All right now get going you don't have time.  I hope you can remember everything.
I'm not going out there.
There is a greater risk in staying here you know.  If you don't find the princess then the whole trip was for nothing... wasn't it?
Don't look at me.  I'm just a pilot. I got you here... You've got to do the rest.
It's not good... unless I could find the Crystal.  Then it could be very good.
Is that good or bad?
Darth Vader is on this system.  I can feel him.  I can feel the Kiber Crystal.
What do you want with our scan-proof lockers?
... and I want you to start cleaning the equipment out of the scan- shielded compartments.
I'll get the information.
All right then we'll use your plan.
We're going to get in by studying Imperial procedures?  I don't like it.
Check your data banks for all the information you have on Imperial procedures.  Both of you will have to learn...
We're into the second perimeter. They'll be coming out to blast us shortly.  I was wondering if you had some kind of a plan or are we going to try to blast our way in?
You have your father's style.  You've done very well.
I'm not afraid of anything...
Fear is their greatest weapon.
Kid you take the glory and the good intentions and I'll take the reward.
This isn't a game you know.
Luke's got a point... ... Fear is their greatest defense... I doubt if the actual security there is much greater than on Aquilae or Sullust and what there is is most likely directed toward large-scale assault.
Anything I want!  Now that's interesting.
A million at least... If this robot has information related to the destruction of Organa Major you'll be able to name the reward...
How much do you think she's talking about?
I'm beginning not to like you.
I think there are some things we should talk about.
Who's going to pay me then?
Well for one reason we don't have your other five thousand.
I'm not taking you on an impossible search across the galaxy... I was only paid to get you here and now you're here.  I'll take my other five thousand and you're on your own... I'll leave you on the nearest system.
No not anymore.
Their bases are very well hidden. All the power of the Empire can't find them... Do you know where they are?
We have to find he rebels... What we're carrying belongs to them.
Well I've brought you here.  What now?
Well now you know... The enemy is on the move.  We haven't much time.
The planet has been totally blown away!  It would have taken a thousand ships with a lot more fire power than I've ever seen... If the Empire had a new weapon that could do this... I would have heard something... I'd know about it.
The Empire must have gotten here first.
You might get your stuff together. We'll be coming up on Organa Major soon.
Well we'll see...
I'm Ben Kenobi.  Luke Starkiller here is leading our expedition.
I'm Han Solo Captain of this vessel.  Who's in charge then?
Keep it with you always.  You'll have more need of it than I.  It will bring the Force to you.  You've already learned to feel it... Now you must learn to use it.
The Kiber Crystal.
I'm not going alone!
You go after the princess. I am an old man and would be of little help.  I must try to find the Crystal.
What about the princess?
I don't get it but I guess I did block it.
See once you let yourself go you can do it.  You'll get it.
Stop thinking and start feeling. Let yourself go.
I can't do it.  I'll get hit.
Try to feel it.  Use the Force...
I can't see!  How can I fight?
I didn't say that but it appears to be a logical alternative.
You mean we should go after her!...
But she is the only link between us and the hidden bases.
He can't find Organa Major.
What is it?
All you have to do is lose your thinking self.  Don't focus on anything.  Let your body do your thinking... You have to learn to act on what you feel not what you think ... If I had the crystal it would be much easier.  You could feel the Force immediately... but for now let yourself go.  You'll pick it up... and someday you'll have no need for that pistol either.
What do I do?
I rarely use it any more.  I have the Force.  The Force is more powerful than any pistol.  You shouldn't put too much faith in that weapon.  Work on becoming aware of the Force... learn to feel its presence within you.  Try to sense what it's telling you.  It's the only thing you can rely on.
Are you sure you don't need it?
Yes... the Force... something horrible has happened.  I couldn't see what it was or where it was but it was terrible... terrible beyond description... the cry of millions dying at once.
Are you all right?
Keep away I'm fine I'm fine.
What's wrong?  What's happening?
These are doubtful times.  The Empire has grown bold in its disregard of the...
But she's a member of The Twelve Families.  How can they hold her?
I doubt it.  It would be foolish for the rebel forces to come out of hiding. I know your feelings.  You'd best forget them.  It's for your own good. There will be no saving her from the prisons of Alderaan.  It's the heart of the Sith.  The Bogan Force is the most heavy there.
When we get Artoo's message to them you think they'll try to rescue the princess?
He's bluffing...
This is the last place.  Shouldn't we just take what we can get and think of something else?
Five maybe.  Let me handle it.
We don't have that kind of money. How much do you think I can get for the speeder?
There are two halves of the Force of Others.  One is positive and will help you if you learn how to use it.  But the others half will kill you if you aren't careful.  This negative side of the Force is called the Bogan which is where the expression came from and it is the part that is used by the Dark Lords to destroy their opponents.  Both halves are always present.  The Force is on your right the Bogan is on your left.  The Kiber Crystal can amplify either one.  The Crystal Darth stole was the last one in the possession of the Jedi.  When he joined the Sith the power of the Dark Lords was completed.
Like Bogan weather or bogan times. I thought that was just a saying.
They use the Bogan Force.
Do the Sith know the ways of the Force?
Yes.  It was a black day.  One of my disciple's took the crystal and became a Sith Lord.  It was a black day.  The few crystals that remain are in the possession of the Sith Lords on Alderaan.  That's how they've become so powerful.
That's where my father was killed.
I had one but it was taken at the battle of Condawn...
Don't you have a Kiber crystal?
When a creature dies the force it generated remains.  The Force is all around us.  It can be collected and transmitted through the use of a Kiber crystal.  It's the only way to amplify the power of the Force within you.
How can you store an energy field within you?
A Jedi's power is measured by the amount of the Force that is stored within him and I have little of the Force left in me.
But you're still a powerful Jedi. You don't need my help.
Luke I'm coming along to do what I can but I'm tired and I'm depending on you to get us through.
It means you'd better get some rest. We'll be leaving for Mos Eisley first thing in the morning.  The trip will be difficult and dangerous but it's the only spaceport with ships large enough to get us to Organa Major.  Now go on!
What do you mean?
That is not a human decision not your or mine.
Could I learn to feel it?
It surrounds you and radiates from you.  A Jedi can feel it flowing from him...  ... from here!
You mean I generate an energy field?
Let's just say the Force is something a Jedi Warrior deals with.  It is an energy field in oneself a power that controls ones acts yet obeys ones commands.  It is nothing yet it makes marvels appear before your very eyes. All living things generate this Force field even you.
My father used to talk about the Force of Others.  But he never told me what it was...
You were right.  It is my responsibility.  The Force of Others brought the message to you and then it brought you to me.
Not any more!
But the Sith Lords are involved! Whatever information this R-2 unit is carrying it must be awfully important.  They're probably looking for him... I'm no match for the Sith. This is a Jedi's work.  This is your responsibility!
I already know you think you're worthless.  I recommend you learn to think of yourself in a better light for what you believe you are is what you become.  I haven't been involved in anything like this for many years.
But you must!  I can't do it alone. I'm not at all like my father.  I'd never make it.
I'm afraid I've gotten too old for this sort of thing.
My father told me many stories about you.  He said if I was ever in trouble to come here... I need your help.
I know your intentions.  I probably know much more about you than you realize.  In many ways you're a lot like your father.  He was an indulgent man but a clever warrior.  Now what brings you out here?
I assure you my intentions weren't bad.
You could put it that way.
You saw through me?
I know that.
I... I'm not a Bendu Officer.  I'm not even a startrooper.
But you are... I know your 'Diary of the Clone Wars' by heart.  My father...
I know who you are.  Stand up so that we can talk properly.  You're embarrassing me.  I'm not that important.
I am the son of Annikin Starkiller.
I don't see why.  I don't believe we've ever met.
I'm afraid it's been a long time since the White Legions roamed the stars.  But I have the memories.
You're General Kenobi?!?  The Jedi knight!  The commander of the White Legions?
You might say I'm part of the landscape here.  They call me Ben Kenobi.
Who are you anyway?
Of course.  I'm a Bendu officer.
Oh so you're a warrior then?
I'm Luke Starkiller guardian of the Bendu.
You're lucky those Tuskens didn't boil you before they hung you out to dry.  They're not the friendly sort. You'd best be moving on before they come back.
Couldn't we have tried to think of something else first!
Sorry but that was the only way to get you down.
All of them altogether. You seem to have gotten yourself into a fine mess!  What happened?
What do you mean 'good morning'? Do you mean that it is a good morning for you or do you wish me a good morning although it is obvious I'm not having one or do you find that mornings in general are good?
Good morning!
Just be warned that things aren't always as they seem... especially the starforce recruiting posters.
At least you're doing something... I'd give anything to be in your position.
The academy is fantastic... Of course they won't teach you anything about flying you don't already know.  Most of the instructors are very conservative pilots.  You can fly circles around them... but there is a lot on the scientific side that is down-right amazing and you get a lot of discipline... but after you graduate don't join the star force -- go free-lance.  It's the only way to get into the action... I can't wait until my hitch is up.
But you always said things were so great at the academy... What happened?
I'll tell you Luke and this is between you and me.  The star force isn't all it's cracked up to be. Frankly it's a bore and it's going to stay that way as long as this system is neutral...
But there was a lot of firing earlier...
That's no battle kid... They're just sitting there!
You look great!  The uniform and everything!
Of course where you been kid?
Forget it son.
Yes sir but I can get him...
Blue Five break off your cover attack.  It's too late.  Make your own run on the exhaust port.  Do you copy Luke?
What's that?
I'm right behind you Blue Leader.
I've got it blocked.  I'm all right.
Blue Five does that glare bother you?
Six hours huh?  Well that's your ship there.  You're blue five.  You stay glued to me.  I don't want any independent operations out there. Personally I think it's foolish for them to be sending fresh kids out on a job like this.  This is no joy ride we're going on.
Yes sir.  I was considered one of the best bush pilots on Sullust. I've also had six hours on the T-2.
Have you been checked out?
You're Starkiller?
Send out a boarding party.  Full assault gear.
We don't get many visitors.  Let's take a look at it.
Send one squad up.
As close as we can make out it appears to be a Corellian gypsy vessel... It's not under power.
I'll make a report later.
Should we alert the Sith Lords?
Alert squad five but hold them until we know what it is.
No reply on any circuits... It's drifting on a point twenty-seven skew.  It's not close enough to identify.
I have little time for your mercenary concerns but I am grateful for the service you have given to our cause.  What is your price?
What about us?  Are we to wait forever?  Is our reward to be blown to bits on this forsaken system while your fleet mounts some suicidal attack on that Death Star? Part of my reward is that I be around to spend it.
I'd like to get paid before that eventually.  I don't plan to stick around for the fireworks.
We must hurry to the base.  We have little time before the Death Star arrives.
Did it occur to you they might find us?
I don't see how we're going to find anything out here.  This terrain is hopeless.
I'd better go see how he's doing.
The fourth moon of Yavin.  I've given the coordinates to Chewbacca.
Where are you taking us now anyway?
We captured the plans in a raid on the Imperial shipyards but we fell under attack before I could get the data to safety so I hid it in this Artoo unit and sent him off.
The plans and specifications to a battle station with enough fire power to destroy an entire system... Our only hope in destroying it is to find its weakness which we will determine from the data I stored in Artoo.
What's that little 'droid' carrying that's so blasted important?
When Artoo has been safely delivered to my forces you get your reward. You have my guarantee.
Then I think we're due the reward you offered... and it had better be substantial after what we've been through.
All the data banks in Artoo are still secure.
Chewbacca it's time we showed them this isn't the regulation F8-88 Cargo Trawler.
There are only three or four left.
Was this trip really necessary?
Here come six more... grid two!
It could be worse...
Yes your highness. I'll let you open it then.  It won't be too long before they figure out what happened to us.  This has turned into a brilliant escape!
Put that thing away or you're going to get us all killed.
Thanks old buddy.  I'll be with you in a second.
I noticed you were having some problems Blue Five... I thought I'd help.
I know but the chances for survival here just aren't great enough in my book.  I've got what I came for. Now I've got to get back to my ship.
You're a good pilot... I've learned a lot from you... I wish you...
Well if it's not we'll be facing that Death Star all by our lonesome.
They must be shielded somehow.  I'm sure the base is there.
I don't pick up any life form concentration down there.  She'd better be right.
Come back here... Where are you going?
Get to the ship!
Move out of the way!
It's only light that doesn't affect it.  Solid things like rocks can hurt it!  Fire above him!
Get Chewbacca.  Try to get around it. I'll draw it away.
Watch it!  Move back.
No he smells something... but we haven't time to worry about it now.
Is he afraid of the water?
Not if this tunnel deadends.
I think she's going to be all right.
See Threepio come in See Threepio. I wonder where they are??  See Threepio...
Let's try this way!  Holy Maker.
Something has happened to them. Let's try this way...
I think I did.
Why didn't you say so before.
This isn't going to work.
Good!  I prefer a straight fight to all this sneaking around.
Between his howling and your blasting everything in sight the entire city is going to know we're here.
I don't know... I've never fought anyone.
You're good with 'remotes' but how are you against something living?
Well I practice a lot...
Don't you believe it.
Maybe the fact that no one would go there voluntarily could help us. They probably don't think anyone would dare try.
No it's impossible... No one and I mean no one would venture anywhere near the Alderaan system... I'm a free booter not revolutionary.  You're aboard the wrong ship son!
All right all right! You've got a ship!  But where do we go from here?  They probably took her to find the hidden bases... I don't see how we can find the rebels before she breaks.  The Empire has already beat us out.
Maybe you should just drop us off. I'm sure we can find someone willing to take the risk.
You can't!  We've come this far.  We must find them...
What are you saying?
I found it... It's just not there.
Sorcery!  I believe in myself... I determine my destiny not some mystical energy field.
You don't believe in the Force?
I'd keep that thing close just in case if I were you... I've been around from one end of the galaxy to the other and believe me this Force of Others stuff may make for good religion but there is no substitute for a good weapon at your side.
It's automatic.
Who's the pilot?
We have a little business to take care of first but it shouldn't take long. We'll be back shortly.
You got yourself a ship.  We can leave as soon as you're ready.
That's pretty steep.  We'd like to talk it over first.
Organa Major is a rebel system. There will be quite a few starfleet patrols between here and there... It could be a little tricky if you want to avoid them... ten thousand.
Who is this?  What's your operating...
The... ah door's jammed.  Give us a few minutes to get it fixed.
With four casualties?!
No need everything's under control.
We'll send a squad up.
A Wookiee broke loose up here but we've subdued him... There is a lot of damage and three no four casualties...
It would be much easier if you were to tell us where the outposts are... Otherwise we'll be forced to destroy every suspicious system... What a waste...
It's too late... We already tested it on Organa Major.  It appears your data never got through.
They'll find its weakness.
The 'Death Star' has become operational.  There is no force in the universe that can stop us now.
It appears your ship had an accident. I will see to it that your death is duely reported.  There will be no one to save you this time.
You'll get no information from me. You have no authority... the council can't hold me!
Enough!  I already know about the data you've intercepted but its' too late.  Whatever information you've gathered will be destroyed... You will come to know such suffering as only the Master of the Bogan Force can provide...
If you're as good a pilot as you are a swordsman... We're the ones who have been rewarded.
I... I don't know.  I guess I never thought about it... I just want to help.  I want to be in on the attack. I want my own ship.
He'll be well cared for.
Are there medical facilities on Yavin?
There'll be time for that later. Now let's get out of here.
I am Luke Starkiller at your service.
You're safe.  We've come to get you out of here... Just relax.
What is it?  What's going on?  Where are we?
Your father's dead.  Don't ever forget who's taking care of you giving you food giving you shelter and giving you the allowance in the first place. If you plan to work at the academy the way you work around here you won't last very long.  I don't want another word.  Finish your dinner then finish cleaning those 'droids.'
You used my savings!  You stole my savings.  If my father were here...
I said we'd see.  And as it is I was forced to borrow your academy savings to buy the new 'droids.'  When you've saved it up again I'll let you go.
But you promised!  I've saved enough money and now you have the extra help ... you promised!
You'll check the condensing unit first... and you're not going to bed until those 'droids' are completely cleaned up...
I will but I'll have enough time to transmit my application first.
First thing tomorrow morning you're going to check those condensing units on the south ridge.
I'd consider it an honor.
Thank you sir.  Your kindness is greatly appreciated but if it's at all possible Artoo and I would like to remain in your service.
Threepio!  Shut down all garbage mashers on your level... Do you copy?? Threepio shut down all garbage...
Are you there sir?  We're going...
Holy Maker Threepio.  I forgot...
See Threepio!  Do you copy?
Wait a minute slow down!... That's better.  They're where?  They what? They are?  Oh no! We're going to be mashed into conduit before this is over...
Good.  We're right above you.  Stand by.
For the moment.  We're in the main hangar.  Artoo is trying to plug into the system now.
Are you safe?
I'm afraid we're not plugged in at the moment sir.  We've had some problems.
You're back.  What happened?  Never mind.  What's going on?
I read you sir.
See Threepio... do you copy?
Send feed-back into the control sensors in that Detention block.
Level five Detention block A-23 cell 2187.  She's still alive...
I know sir but it's the principle of the thing.
Let him have it.  You're winning anyway.  It doesn't make any difference.
Well ask him.  Tell him we need five thousand.
Sir I have a couple of extra circuits.  Perhaps they might bring something.
I think we're going to need them. Blast it!
No you're not.  What kind of talk is that...
I can't make it.  You go on master Luke.  It doesn't make sense for you to risk yourself on my account.  I'm done for.
Can you stand?  We've got to get out of here before those Tuskens come back.
What happened?  I'm sorry sir I must have taken a bad step...
Well I don't know what to do now. We'll just have to head inland and see if we can't find a settlement.
If you don't mind my saying so sir I don't see how anyone could live in this forsaken place.
According to my father's tapes this is the spot where General Kenobi lives but the instruments just don't match up with the landscape... There is no doubt about it we're lost...
Several I think.  There is not much to tell.  I'm not much more than an interpreter and not very good at telling stories not at making them interesting anyway...
Tell me where you've been.  I am going to become a startrooper and fight in the wars.  My father was a Jedi!  Were you in many battles?
That's how we came to be in your service if you take my meaning...
You've been in the Counter Wars?... Against the Empire?
Indeed sir sometimes I'm amazed we're in as good shape as we are what with the rebellion and all...
There's a lot of carbon scoring here. It looks like you boys have seen a lot of action...
Thank you sir.  I'm See Threepio Human Cyborg relations and this is my counterpart Artoo Detoo.
That's all right.  There is nothing anyone can do about it.  You can call me Luke.
I'm sorry sir I'm only a 'droid' and not very knowledgeable of such things... not on this system anyway. As a matter of fact I'm not even sure which system we're on.
Not unless you could get me into the military academy at Anchorhead.
You heard the Lieutenant ! On the bounce troopers !
Saddle up Roughnecks !
Mr. Barcalow save power don't waste it on workers... Ace tell Aardvark we're on our way...
Down there on the flats eh ? Listen up Roughnecks ! Our primary objective is to assist our friends from the Fleet...
Got it. Fleet tactical wants to know where they can deploy the skimmers.
We'll take this high ground. Lookouts there and therte and up there. If the bugs come upstairs in this neighbor-hood we'll be the first to know.
We're the old men Ace.
We got reinforced. Most of'em just got outa boot...
Not enough I guess.
Jeez we musta killed a million already...!
What about it Diz ?
No way. Big K taught me I ain't executive material.
Yeah well I hear he's a real nutbuster.
He was our teacher... He was great.
Dizzy says you two knew this Rasczak character in Buenos Aires...
I didn't see him !
Lieutenant's bought the farm. Where's the Sarge...?
Death to all bugs !
Mobile Infantery rules !
YAAAAAAAA !
No this hurts.
What do I want with a scar ?
I say we all go to the laser parlor and get cut together.
You made squad leader on your own and hey you still got me to kick around.
I joined up for her. I wouldn't even be here if it wasn't for her. I'm a fool.
Whad'ya talkin  about ?
It's what I deserve.
Funny how they always want to be your friends after they kick your guts out.
Bye ! Write me ! I'm gonna kill you guys !
Our love will grow dear year by year...
Well maybe you better look again.
Oh yeah ? I don't see anyone else here with the chops to lead.
Wanting it doesn't make you the best one for the job.
It isn't about rich... It's about who's best...!
You rich kids... are all the same !
Something... I've got...you don't.
What makes you think... you'll make... squad leader Rico ?
Hey don't laugh. Everyone oughta have a friend like me !
What an honor...
You got some guts for a rich kid. I guess you and me could be buddies.
Sir i know it was wrong. I didn't learn from one mistake and I made another sir.  Sir my family... my whole family was in Buenos Aires sir.
Sorry son. I can't do it. You signed the 1240/A. It would be illegal.
Sir I wish to reconsider my request to drop out sir.
Sir... I guess I do sir.
Do you freely admit to the charges made against you ?
Sir I needed everyone in my squad operational sir... I... I wanted to win sir.
Then why did you order your man to remove his helmet during a live fire exercise ?
Sir no sir.
Are you rated to repair a Marauder power suit Rico ?
Sir yes sir. Breckinridge reported a helmet malfunction and I asked him to show it to me sir.
Rico did you give the recruit permission to remove his helmet ?
I can't... but like I told you it's a number's game. The Federation needs all the pilots it can get...
You always told me you couldn't do human...
I'll take it... until I get killed or you find someone better.
I hear they need a new Lieutenant... Want the job ?
The Roughnecks are always ready sir.
Hope you're ready for more. We're going back to P to capture that Brain.
Didn't they tell you Colonel ? That's what cap troopres are good for.
You don't approve. Well too bad. We're in this for the species boys and girls. It's simple numbers they have more and everyday I have to make decisions that send hundreds of people like you to their deaths.
Elegant proof of intelligence isn't it ? We thought there might be a brain on P.
Bugs laid a trap didn't they ?
Johnny I'm sorry it had to be your unit on Planet P. That mission had a very low survival probability...
Dizzy wouldn't want our tears. She'd want us to remember her... with a vengeance. So go out and kill a bug for Dizzy. Kill as many as you can. You are her revenge and every bug you kill honors her death.
Please continue Sergeant.
I got Games & Theory.
I don't believe it !
Love... how excruciatingly pathetic. Now try and pay attention.
All I know is Carmen's going to be a citizen and I don't think it'll work out for us if I'm not.
If you can't do those numbers you haven't got a chance.
Eight point... no uh seven...
Only 1 in 14 male applicants make it through stellar navigation. So what do you think your chances are ?
I'm eighteen. It's my decision I think I'd make a pretty good pilot. I've good great reflexes. You need that for maneuvering you know.
Your father will never let you.
I've been thinking about applying for Federal Service too. Fleet maybe.
Passport to the Universe. Who wouldn't want that ?
Ten of clubs. You still gonna sign up for Starside R&D ?
I gave him the impression that there was a fly crawling up my mom's leg. He is going to go eat it.
How do you make him do that ?
Statistically speaking you should've accidentally guessed right by know.
Ace of spades.
Don't think about it... go on instinct.
You got it bad.
Yeah but I want Carmen.
Don't have to... Some mating semaphore is pretty hard to miss.
Did you read her mind ?
Others are waiting.
What's the hurry ?
You still haven't kissed her yet ? Don't lie.
Zander no...!
Just giving you something to remember me by baby.
Zander what are you doing ?
Is it true ?
It wasn't luck. Rico ignored the mission objective to rescue you...
I thought I was dead. Lucky for me you jokers showed up eh ?
I don't know Zander.
How do you feel about him now ?
That girl who died on the way up ...his girl ?
Where are you going ?
You're upset that's alright.
No I... Oh Zander I'm a fool.
Please I... Everybody's lost someone by now. This shouldn't be any different...
I'm sorry Carmen.
Excuse me...!
Hey bugs don't take prisoners.
No funny there's almost no wounded at all.
I'm not kidding. Marriage is -
Fleet encourages marriages among flight officers. You'd probably get a promotion out of it.
So who's got time to get married ?
There's a war on. I want a command I want my own ship you do too...
If we're gonna be a team why not be a real team ?
You weren't thinking...you were dreaming !
I was thinking. Maybe we should get married Carmen.
Zander please... Let's go !
Let's disregaed rank... Everybody hear that ? Rank is not an issue here.
Forget it Carmen. The Mobile Infantery does a thankless dirty job so they naturally tend to be short-tempered thoughtless and rude.
Johnny wait...
Zander you remember Johnny ? Zander and I are a flight team now.
Everything coposetic Lieutenant ?
It looks like an... asteroid.
WHERE IS IT ?
Me too... Day and Night-Cycle.
I want to be part of the best flight team in the Fleet...
You and me huh ?
She got a command... and she thinks we oughta team up officially and crew for her. She thinks we're good together.
Don't mess with the boss. So what'd the captain say ?
Well whad'ya know...
Don't change the subject. Am I right ?
You know I was talking to Captain Deladier and she said...
Hey check it.
Three weeks aboard a starship and you know it all huh ?
No I replotted the course. It's more efficient this way.
Profile's wrong... there.
Oh I don't know... Depends on who you are spending it with.
Thanks. You read my mind. Third watch always seems to last forever.
Oh I see... teamwork.
They revoke our flight status.
Twenty-five by five roll seven. And don't exceed port speed.
Oh yes sir. Vector ?
This isn't simulation anymore. Take'er out easy cadet.
In simulation my supervisors could never keep up.
Maybe not. I heard about this crazy girl coming through the academy solid math a little wild on the stick but a natural. When it turned out it was you I made sure we'd run into each other...
It's amazing us running into each other like this. Maybe it's fate.
Only when I give you an order.
I'm the guy who's gonna teach you to fly this crate.
Hey ! What are you doing here ?
Yeah we know each other from the game. No hard feeling eh chum ?
Johnny this is Zander.
Don't you have to finish the game ?
I'm all ears.
I don't know. It's my last night as acivilian. I ship out for Tereshkova tomorrow.
Everyone is going to the dance. Aren't you ?
So what are you doing later ?
I'm getting better.
Are you alright ?
Up. We gotta be near A Company by now.
Which way ?
We've gotta go get her !
AAAAAAAAAAAAAA !
See you on the bounce !
Take care wilya Johnny ?
How are you Carl ?
Well look at this. The three of us back together again.
I like it. It's kinda...you.
Almost got knocked out of the sky over Big K.
What happened to your eye ?
You look so... I don't know you look like you've really been in it.
That was just a mix up.
I thought you were KIA Johnny...
No I think something's up. The Sky Marshall's here.
We gotta choke on the mud and the blood and Fleet can't be bothered to spit.
...I'm sorry.
I'm not but alot of my soldiers are. Glass the planet !
Johnny...! I thought you were dead !
Hey it's just a vestigal response to procreation... bitch.
What's wrong with you ?
Johnny... Life is so different from the way it was. One day you'll see what I did was best for both of us.
Should I be ?
You don't look very happy to see me.
I try just to be happy I'm still alive.
It's funny. Sometimes I forget. Then it hits me and I can't stop crying.
It's alright I guess. You hear from anyone made it out of B.A. alive ?
What do you think ? Everyone did it when we got our wings. You don't like it do you ?
What happened to your hair ?
I'm glad you're doing so well. If they haven't made you squad leader by now I'm sure you will.
I said it. Isn't that enough ? Don't forget to write !
Do you mean it ?
Alright I love you.
Com'on just say it. Try it on for size.
I love you.
I'll miss you too Johnny.
I'm gonna miss you.
He left this morning. He couldn't say where.
You talk to Carl ?
Who cares ! The Federation'll give me everything I need for the next two years right ?
Poor boy. I'm sorry your parents were so mad.
My Dad had to help me pack. Suddenly he's afraid he's never gonna see me again or something. It was sweet but it took forever. Anyway I guess I'm ready to go.
You're late.
I'll go for that.
Let's all make a vow. Let's swear we'll always be friends no matter what.
Whoa ! Way to go boy-yo !
Games & Theory ? That's Military Intelligence... Oh Carl !
Did you get Starside R&D ?
Hey Carl what's wrong ?
Shhh ! Don't make him feel worse.
He was in the group with me. I guess he didn't...
Naw I made it Carl made it.
I wonder where Carl is. You don't suppose...?
I love you Carmen.
You're right. Let's never stop...
Who cares ?
Everyone's looking... we shouldn't...
I'm gonna do it Carmen. I'm gonna sign up for Federal Service.
Are you the boy for me ?
I don't even know if you're my girl.
He's nothing like you.
I can't help it.
Johnny Rico you're jealous !
You two have so much in common.
Zander is going for pilot too.
What are you talking about ? We both know you're gonna be a pilot.
No I mean if he can get in maybe I have a chance.
Yeah sure I guess.
He just got accepted to the Fleet Academy. Isn't that great ?
Good luck at the academy.
None at all... We won.
I'll meet you outside.
Wait I want to talk to Mr. Rasczak.
Aw you're in love with me... You just dont know it yet.
Romance is just a vestigial biological response to procreation...
It wouldn't be so romantic if we weren't...
How do I know if this is love ?
Isn't it great to be in love ?
Sometimes I do what I want eh ?
Well if your dad doesn't like me how come we're such good friends ?
It's not you Johnny. Your parents are rich they don't need to be citizens and that stuff means a lot to my dad. He's a veteran.
What's he got against me... I mean I 'm a teenager. You can't be a citizen when you're only a teenager !
Johnny my Dad's home today.
Carl can wait.
I thought you were going to help Carl.
You can't walk me home.
It's all I think about anymore.
How come that's all you talk about anymore ?
Why won't you kiss me when we're all alone ?
I don't want everyone to see.
Then how come you won't hold hands with me at school ?
Don't be so sure. I like you even if you are dumb with numbers.
Who cares about bugs ? You can't go anywhere if you don't know math.
Well at least you didn't lose your lunch over a bug. How embarassing.
35% on the math final !  No one could be that dumb with numbers.
Excuse me...!
Well if that's the crop that must be the gastric caecal...
Aw c'mon it's just a bug.
I have good reflexes.
Marco's sister. Can you imagine maneuvering half a million tons through crwoded space lanes... You gotta have nerves of steel ! Reflexes are critical
She's flying starships !
Your turn...
Good for you.
No way ma'am !
Leave me Lieutenant ! That's an order !
Ibanez...LET'S GO !
This is Rodger Young we're going down... Repeat this is Rodger Young we're going down...!
He requested a combat assignment. There's always a need for experienced pilots on the ground. I had no choice but to let him go... He said you'd understand.
Where's Lieutenant Barcalow ?
Bug Batteries... According to Military Intelligence it'll be random and light. Drop status ?
Plasma ma'am... from the planet.
Thank you ma'am.
Good work Number 1. You'll do.
Alright take her out Ibanez.
Yes ma'am !
Take the number one chair Ibanez. Follow all instructions of you supervisor.
Pilot Trainee Ibanez reporting for duty ma'am.
That's it we're empty ma'am !
This isn't random or light. Someone made amistake...!
Number 4 contact Fleet and tell 'em there's a loose asteroid headed their way.
Trajectory indicates it came out of the Arachnid Quarantine Zone.
Where'd it come from ?
Captain we are in the path of an unidentified object moving at near light speed...
Yes ma'am. Star drive in three... two... one...
Steady as she goes number one. Prepare for warp. Number two design for Jupiter orbit.
It's alright 'cause I got to have you Johnny...
No you're gonna be alright Diz !
I bought the farm didn't I Johnny ?
Roughneck patrol to battle group... Roughneck patrol to battle group...
What frequency ?
I'm on it !
Diz see what you can do.
They ran out of names a long time ago in this part of the galaxy.
Planet P ? What kind of name is that ?
Well excuse me sir...
I said no. Want me to pull rank ?
You used to dance...
Nah I don't do that anymore...
I'm gonna need a squad leader.
Way to go amigo !
That you don't have what it takes to be acitizen !
What's that Diz ?
You take the stroll down Washout Lane you're only proving one thing Johnny.
Well see ya.
Hey they humiliated me in front of everyone ! I'm just supposed to take it huh ? Well I'm not gonna and I guess that proves I just can't cut it.
If they didn't want you they woulda kicked you out amigo.
I don't stay where I'm not wanted.
It stinks you goin.
You got it.
High school... remember ? Run a flip six three hole play and you might score...
Flip six three hole.
Man they're defended... no way in.
You saying you didn't ?
What ? You think I joined the Mobile Infantery because of you ?
You are. I joined up to get out on my own. And you had to tag along.
What's your malfunction Rico ?
No thanks Diz.
Hey amigo come chow with me.
You're the best.
Guess you gotta go.
Uh look Diz...
Can't we just be friends Diz ?
How come we never got together ?
Well anyone who gets you is lucky.
Looks like unless Tokyo lets me start.
You still gonna play for Brazil ?
Too bad for her if she's not around.
Actually Diz I promised Carmen...
Hey Rico wanna dance ?
Just throw me the ball Diz.
You were drifting. Flip six three hole. On one got it ?
Hut... hut !
A lot can happen in three minutes.
This time of the year...?
Looks like rain.
Oh my what's that ?
Yeah ! We'll talk it out and have a good glass of wine ... and... well we love you son.
We'll all have dinner. I'll fix your favorite.
Don't talk like that. Get yourself home as fast as you can.
Johnny why won't you change your mind ? Does citizenship mean so much to you ?
...CUT OFF !
Teenagers !
Why did you go and do that ? He was all ready to go Zegema Beach !
Good good then it's all settled.
Who gave you this idea ? It's that teacher. What's his name ? You know the one I mean.
Johnny people get hurt... people get killed in the Federal Service. If something happened to you I don't know what I would do...
It's not really working out for me here dad. I was thinking... I was hoping it would be alright if I came home.
Well it's just good to hear from you. What's up son ?
I'm not going on vacation ! I want to be acitizen ! It's my decision. I made it.
I'm telling you you will ! You're not going back. You're going to go on vacation !
I won't quit !
You'll resign and that's all there is to it. It might look bad but if that's the worst you suffer...
Sorry. Carl's a fine boy...
Wait a minute ! Carl is doing his Federal and he isn't inferior. He's the smartest kid at school !
Wow ! Santori and Zegema Beach I've always wanted to go there.
A trip to the Outer Rings. Whad'ya think of that ?
Oh is that how it is ?
I'm eighteen. It's my decision.
Good because you're going to Harvard and that's the end of it.
No Mr. Rasczak doesn't do that at all. He sorta discourages you really.
Rasczak... Silly name. There ought to be a law against using a school as a recruiting station !
Mr. Rasczak.
It's aterm of service not a career. I just want to get out on my own and see the Galaxy for a couple of years.
Have you lost you lost your mind ? I'd rather take ten lashes in Public Square than see you ruin your life.
A lot of my friends are doing Federal Service...
This came for you today. I presume on your request.
AAAAAAAAAAA !
Gillespie put in call for retrieval. We're off this rock. Gillespie do you read me ?
Keep trying Sergeant.
I don't understand it Lieutenant. It's not getting anything from 4th Brigade... not even their transponder.
They'd rather spend our lives than risk their ships. Who's got the nuke ?
Fleet's pulling the battle group back to safe distance... They'd like us to knock out those batteries sir.
Corporal I want pulse cannons there and there ! Rifle teams spread out along the ridge ! Sugar bring up that flame thrower !
Yes sir ! Fleet this is Roughneck patrol over ...?
We must be right over the colony. Let's get some air support eh ?
Bugs don't lay traps... They aren't intelligent ! Unlike you they're stupid enough to follow orders !
My job is to protect the lives of my soldiers so they can kill bugs Major and if you're walking me into a trap-
Take your group down to P and have a look see. Leave the thinking to us Lieutenant. That's not your job.
Sounds more like some idiot at Military Intelligence Command wants to get me and my cap troopers killed...
Owen reported the eradication of a low generation colony a month ago. That's why MICOM wants onsite assessment.
I thought 4th brigade cleaned out P.
At 0821 we received a distress call from Planet P priority code requesting reinforcement...
Must fill your bottle up real quick when your wife and kids get smeared.
Geez I don't think I've ever seen him smile.
He was a teacher  kind of a know it all... Always had this little smile.
You knew the Lieutenant before the war... What was he like ?
Good luck. It's not there anymore.
I always wanted to go to Zegema Beach.
I wouldn't mind.
Are you kidding ? They always get killed. You want the job ?
Seeing as how we're about all that's left of  1st Brigade you'd have to call that an improvement.  You top kick ?
Doesn't look like it to me.
Sir yes it is sir.
Is that your signature Rico ?
Sir yes sir !
The Marauder power suit will prevent serious injury but if you are hit you will be non-operational and your team score will suffer accordingly. Rico has each member of your squad completed a weapons safety check ?
Don't stand there dumb... GO !
Sir thank you sir !
Smith GO ! McIntire GO ! Flores GO ! Rico I'm making you sqaud leader !
I want to be a citizen because... well because of my girl sir.
Please complete this sentence. I want to be citizen because...
Courage I guess.
Which do you think is more important courage or confidence ?
Are your parents currently citizens ?
Here in Buenos Aires.
No talking please. I'm going to ask you some questions. Please answer all questions truthfully. We'll know if you don't. Birthplace ?
I've made a mess of things. I've been so stupid...
Well of course you should come home immedietly !
Bill... pick up... it's Johnny ! You little rat. You haven't called you haven't written. It's been so lonely here without you...
Hello... Oh Johnny...!
I hope so. I hope you don't ruin your life over some silly little girl who wants to look handsome in a uniform.
Well yeah sure...
Well that's what you're saying ! You're saying that I'm not good enough the way I am now !
Johnny please. Calm yourself.
I don't know what they teach at Harvard but I think I'm pretty good enough the way I am !
Wait you two. Dad and I have a surprise for you that will settle this. Can you guess what it is ?
Aw don't get mushy.
Who said you could grow up so fast ? Last time I checked you were only five years old. You had such a bright little face...
This is my farm. Now c'mon give me what you got and get out of here...
Don't be a hero...
Nah I figureyou folks oughta get upstairs before it's too late... Gimmee the nuke.
Alright we're gonna carry you...
Been better buddy.
How bad are you pal ?
Let's get some armor on her and the we'll get outa this stinkin bug hole !
Not a problem.
Can you walk ?
Yeah that's right.
That would mean a comlete disregard for the mission objective. They hang you for that Rico.
I'm gonna save Carmen.
What do you think you're doing ?
Hey just calm down I'm giving the orders here-
We're outa here. Lieutenant get your men into the skimmers. This real estate's about to go buggy.
The Rodger Young just burned up...
What's your problem now Lieutenant ?
Saddle up boys that's our trash !
Rodger Young prepare to receice outgoing fire...!  I'll take the first group.
You heard the Sky Marshall... Move it all down -
This is a Fleet-driven operation son and the Fleet thinks my boat will be safer on the high ground. You can have everything else eh ?
You're standing on my H.Q. Lieutenant !
This would be mine sir. Acting Sergeant John Rico. I've assumed command on this mission.
On whose authority Corporal ?
Not with an officer no sir. The M.I. doesn't mint stupid cap troopers.
You heard me. Wanna make something out of it private ?
You got something to say about the Mobile Infantery ?
I get it. This is the part that's best for both of us. Don't do me anymore favors eh ?
Best in the Fleet !
You can never be sure.
Don't get any ideas. She's my girl.
Then I hope you have a crazy pilot ! Keep the line open Dizzy !
Inside 4th brigade compound ? That's crazy !
Landing zone is extremely hostile. Come down on this transmission !
What is your position ?
SHUT UP SIR ! We need pick up now !
This is Rodger Young... What's going on down there ? We're taking plasma ! We have Orion P-11 as clear !
Give'em hell sir !
This is my farm. Get on the boat NOW ! That's an order Sergeant.
We're not leaving you here sir !
Rico tell'em to glass this goddam planet. I've never seen so many bugs upstairs at the same time...
I can't My legs are gone... Get on the boat...
Hit your jets sir !
Cover us Ace !
AAAAAAAAAAAA !
Sergeant secure the boat !
What's going on Diz ?
Warm it all up ! Everything you got ! Levy collect the big guns from the towers. Watkins put General Owen with the wounded. Rico where's my communications ?
Looks like a bug was in his brain sir.
What's that look like to you Rico ?
Rico you're acting Sergeant now. My last Sergeant lost the com pack. Put together a search team and find the radio shack. We need retrieval.
Who's that with you ?
Corporal the Roughnecks are moving out for Planet P immediately. Get yourself squared away and report to Gillespie for logistics.
Never pass up a good thing eh ?
Yopu asked me some advice once Rico. Want some now ?
Kill the bitch.
All dead except one sir.
I'm not interested in nostalgia Rico I need a corporal. You're it until you're dead or I find someone better.
Uni High Tigers sir. Don't you remember ? I was captain of the team.
Where'd you learn to do that soldier ?
Figuring things out for yourself is the only freedom anyone really has. Use that freedom. Make your own choice Rico.
Well my parents are against it and I know it's my choice but I was wondering... What would you do if you were me ?
Good for you. Go find out.
I wanna join up Mr. Rasczak. I think I have what it take to be a citizen.
Well it's not really my job to please. Hope you learned something.
I just wanted to say thanks 'cause History and Moral Philosophy was the best class I had this year.
What is it Rico ?
Mister Rasczak ?
Of course you don't. I doubt if any of you here would recognize 'civic virtue' if it bit you in the ass.
Uh I don't know.
The exact words of the text. But do you understand it ? Do you believe it ?
The difference lies in the field of civic virtue. A citizen accepts personal responsibility for the safety of the body politic of which he is a member defending it if need be with his life. The civilian does not.
You. Tell me the moral difference if any between the citizen and the civilian ?
We will answer and present <U>proof</U> of our answer when it is ready!
Our data is being prepared.
Then V'ger must withdraw its orbiting devices.
The information will not be disclosed.
Because V'ger is going to destroy all the carbon units on the third planet.
Not until V'ger withdraws the devices orbiting the third planet.
The carbon-units are not responsible for that.
<U>Why</U>?!
<U>Why</U>...?!
The examination is a normal function.
Who is V'ger?
Find the Creator? <U>What</U> Creator? <U>Whose</U>...!?  What does V'ger want of the 'Creator'... ?
Why does V'ger travel to the third planet of the solar system directly ahead?
Where is Lt. Ilia?
Is V'ger the Captain of the alien vessel?
Who is...'V'ger'...?
And when V'ger melds? What will happen to you?
It expects a return signal now ordering it to transmit that information to the Creator.
V'ger is announcing that it has arrived sir -- that it's ready to deliver the information it was programmed to collect...
To join and become One with the Creator?
A machine...! Then it had to be programmed. By <U>whom</U>...?
You said V'ger's purpose was to find and join with the Creator.
Does V'ger object to the presence of the two carbon units?
Within you are memory patterns of a carbon unit. If I can help you revive these patterns; you could understand our functions better.
What does that mean?
Enterprise would be unable to function <U>without</U> carbon units.
What is Enterprise's proper evolvement?
The crews of the previous Enterprises were also carbon units. In what way is the life form in your vessel different?
Mr. Scott... on my next signal.
Tractor beam strength lessening Captain.
Engineering...
They reach final position in... Twenty-seven minutes -- mark.
Mr. Chekov when do those devices activate?
Spock...!  Get a fix on his position!
Sir! Airlock four has been opened; a thruster suit is reported missing!
Have a security team meet me at Deck Four main elevator!
Deck four Captain; Officers' Quarters...!
Very well Mr. Chekov see to it. Viewer off.
It is a courier Captain. Grade One priority. Non-belligerency confirmed.
Departure angle.
Departure angle on viewer.
Enterprise I want that signal again. Transmit!
And plug the signal directly into the circuitry at this...  ... point here Captain. It should pick up even a tricorder playback.
Capture God! In order to retrieve V'ger's data the Creator has to physically come here!...
The fault is here sir not in the transmission.  The antenna leads have been disconnected. V'ger never intended to accept a transmitted signal.
Captain... I'd like to go along...
Mr. Decker... I will contact you every five minutes. Otherwise... inform Mr. Scott immediately.
Captain we can't be sure that our... move... will actually save Earth.
     if we do not provide     V'ger with certain information we won't have twenty-two <U>seconds</U>; the plan must be implemented upon arrival.
I'm afraid our hand is pretty weak Captain.  But it's the only game in town.
Well Mr. Decker it seems my bluff is being called.
The question is Mr. Decker <U>is</U> there a next move...
Captain what's the next move?
They could have many ways of destroying things Mr. Decker.
Why bring us inside? Not to destroy us; they could have done that outside.
Forcefields full remaining strength...! Total reserve!
The ship is under attack...! Man all defensive stations...!
It's running our records! Starfleet strength Earth defenses...
It's taken control of the computer...!
<U>Computer off</U>!
You asked my opinion sir.
How do you define <U>unwarranted</U> <U>mister</U>?!
That's precisely the point Captain. We don't know it will do. Moving into the cloud -- at this time is an unwarranted gamble.
That thing is twenty hours from Earth. We know nothing about it yet.
I advise caution Captain; we can't withstand another attack.
Mr Decker....
Captain we've seen what their weapons can do. Shouldn't we take every possible precaution -- ?
No...  ... that could also be misinter- preted as hostile Mr. Decker.  Cloud composition Mr. Spock?
Recommend defensive posture Captain: Screens and shields.
Mister Chekov log Mister Spock's Starfleet commission reactivated; list him as Science Officer; both effective immediately.
Of course not. I'm aware of Mister Spock's qualifications.
If our Executive Officer has no objections...?
Yes sir I'll do that.
I trust you will... nursemaid me through these difficulties Mister?
Sir you haven't logged a single star hour in two and a half years. That plus your unfamiliarity with the ship's design -- in my opinion sir seriously jeopardizes our mission.
Permission to speak freely sir?
Stop competing with me Decker!
I'm aware of that sir.
You saved the ship.
Thank you sir. I'm sorry I embar- rassed you.
Then you acted properly of course.
Sir the Enterprise redesign increases phaser power by channeling it through the main engines. When they went into anti-matter imbalance the phasers were automatically cut off.
Explanation Mr. Decker: Why was my phaser order countermanded?
Mister Decker; every minute brings that object nearer Earth!  Engineering! Stand by for Warp Drive.
... but I still recommend further simulation study.
Program set for standard Warp entry Captain...
Programming ready?
You are Mister Decker. I'm afraid you'll have to double as Science Officer.
None available Captain. There's no one in fact who's fully rated on this design.
We'll have to replace Commander Sonak. I'd still like a Vulcan there if possible...
No Admiral. I don't think you are; not one damned bit. I remember when you recommended me for this command. You told me how envious you were and if only you could find a way to get a starship command again. Well sir it looks like you found a way.
That's why you're staying aboard. I'm sorry Will.
Admiral this is an almost totally new enterprise. You don't know her a tenth as well as I do.
My experience -- five years out there dealing with unknowns like this -- my familiarity with the Enterprise this crew...
May I ask Why?
-- You personally are assuming command?
You'll stay aboard as Executive Officer... a temporary grade reduction to Commander.
I'm replacing you as Captain of the Enterprise.
You are what...?
I'm taking over the Center seat. I'm sorry Will.
You got the Enterprise it's what <U>you</U> wanted. This is what I want.  But Jim...  ... <U>I'm</U> the right choice for this mission.
Jim... he <U>wants</U> it.
   We have twenty-one minutes. Captain    we can still save V'ger... and ourselves.
That transmitter is a vital link between V'ger and the Creator. 
V'ger has begun to understand the true limits of our universe thereby realizing the existence of other dimensions. To fulfill itself it must evolve to a higher dimension; V'ger believes this can be achieved only by joining with the Creator.
Mr. Spock what would V'ger need to fulfill itself?
A tractor beam...
Forward motion Captain...!
It seems we <U>all</U> imagine God in our own image.
Then V'ger believes the Creator to be a <U>machine</U> too.
That probe in there -- in a different form now -- is the same thing that <U>killed</U> Ilia!
Exactly.  And you did have a 'relationship' with Lieutenant Ilia Commander.
We have just seen that its body duplicates our navigator in <U>precise</U> detail. Suppose that beneath its programming the real Ilia's memory patterns are duplicated with equal precision.
It's a programmed <U>mechanism</U> Mr. Spock...
Captain... this probe may be a key a key to the Aliens.
This served the purpose.
We could have cut it off at the main computer...
That would presuppose a feeling Commander... compassion. I sensed <U>no</U> emotion only...  ... pure logic.
They may have attacked only as a warning to us Captain. To keep away.
If I'd seen you again would you have been able to say it?
That you left? or that you didn't say 'goodbye'?
No more than I expected  Not as difficult as this. I'm sorry...
Was he difficult?
Wormhole distortion has over- loaded main power systems...!
Navigational deflectors inoperative...!  Directional control also inoperative Captain...!
Unidentified small object has been pulled into the wormhole with us Captain! Directly ahead...!
Negative control from inertial lag will continue 22 point five seconds before forward velocity slows to sub-light speed.
I would never take advantage of a sexually immature species.  You can assure him that's true can't you?
I now the Captain meant no person- al insult.
Decker....!
Hello Ilia.
Viewer standard ahead.
Fifteen seconds to Cloud Boundary.
Opinion Mister. Spock?
Thirty seconds to Cloud boundary...
Ten seconds....
Transmit Mr. Spock! Now!
Impact in fifteen seconds...
I stand corrected Mr. Decker.  Navigator lay in a conic section flight path into the cloud center; bring us parallel to whatever we find in there...
Five minutes to Cloud boundary!
Mr. Chekov stand by on the phasers...!
Twelve seconds...!
Time to impact...?
My oath of celibacy is on record Captain. May I assume my duties?
And in you too Lieutenant.
Our Exec and Science Officer...
'Commander' Decker?
Welcome aboard Lieutenant.
Lieutenant Ilia reporting for duty sir.
That was the order Mr. Sulu: Clear the bridge.
Clear the bridge Captain...?
Thrusters at station keeping...
Hold station...!
Thrusters ahead one third.
Maneuvering thrusters Mr. Sulu; ahead one third.  Full sensor scan Mr. Spock; they can't expect us <U>not</U> to look them over now!
Viewer ahead sir.
Viewer ahead.
Hold relative position here...
One hundred kilometers...
Adjust parallel course Navigator. Bring us in to one hundred kilometers distance.
We're already two settings below that sir.
Reduce magnification. Factor 4 Mr. Sulu.
Mr. Sulu steady as she goes.
Accelerating to Warp One sir.
Ahead Warp One Mr Sulu.
Thrusters at station-keeping sir.
Hold station.
Maneuvering thrusters sir.
Maneuvering thrusters Mister Sulu.
He's in Engineering sir...  He doesn't know.
I appreciate the welcome; I wish the circumstances were less critical.  Epsilon Nine is monitoring the intruder; keep a channel open to them.  Where is Captain Decker?
Starfleet boost your matter gain; we need more signal!
We're losing the pattern...!
Two and a half years as Chief of Starfleet Operations may have made me a little stale Mr. Scott -- but I wouldn't exactly consider myself 'untried.'
The crew hasn't had near enough transition time with all the new equipment. And the engines Admiral: they've yet to be even tested at warp power. Add to that an untried Captain...
Mr. Scott there's an alien object with unbelievable destructive power less than three days away from this planet...
Admiral the Enterprise has just finished eighteen months redesign- ing and refitting. She needs testing a shakedown...
See that it is.  Take me over please.
We're hoping it's only a temporary problem Admiral...
Why aren't the Enterprise transporters in operation Mister Scott?
Admiral I've been hoping to see you. Maybe you can get through to those thick heads in Starfleet that...
I prefer your poet Dante's phrase -- 'the divine restlessness of the human spirit.'
... and the 'foolish' emotions which drive us?
Yes Captain. It needed our mortality the fear of it our struggle against it our fears our dreams...
Spock we <U>were</U> its answer!
That seems to be what it has planned -- to have the Creator physically present here.
There's no way to know. V'ger expected it to be a machine -- some single entity.  All of us here may be reduced into patterns...
... and then to reassemble itself <U>combined</U> with the Creator. The most certain way of obtaining all the Creator's answers.
V'ger plans to literally <U>meld</U> to reduce both itself and the Creator to patterns...
The point is Captain <U>twenty-two</U>    
The point... 
Captain the orbital device will      not be triggered for twenty-two       minutes...                           
There is no alternative.
Has not Doctor -- and now because of what we are planning... will not...
No Captain not for us... for V'ger.
Not for us?
The orbiting devices would be controlled from the point then...?
Yes Captain a child: evolving into adulthood -- learning searching -- instinctively needing.
High mag Mr. Sulu!
These read as identical composition...  ... however Captain they measure several hundred times more powerful!
'Is this all I am? Is there not more?'
What answers?
No meaning... No hope...  And Jim no answers...! Jim it's looking for <U>answers</U> <U>itself</U>!
What should you have known?
A life form of its own; a conscious living entity.
Were you right? Spock? V'ger is a living machine...?
Captain I do not believe there <U>is</U> a crew -- or that this is a vessel as such.
If this is their ship's data banks where is the crew? Or is their entire ship automated?
Exact patterns. The energy bolt that hit them wasn't simply a weapon -- it dematerialized them stored them. But why?
Klingons... our Epsilon 9 station ... and Ilia!! They seem to be more than just images...
New crystals: they must contain the most recent data obtained --
And these 'sensor-swarms' collect that data carry it here.
It would appear that the atomic arrays of these crystals store information. A remarkably efficient system.
Answers to what Spock? Our dilemma -- or your <U>personal</U> one?
I am seeking answers Captain.
Bridge cancel rescue teams.  Spock what in the hell are you doing out here!
I am uneasy with that being our only hope of more information.
Spock? Concerned about his chances?
Ilia's memory her feelings of loyalty friendship obedience... might all be there.
... they may have followed it <U>too</U> precisely.
They had a pattern to follow...
I believe the light flares to be energy fields -- undoubtedly part of the vessel's inner mechanism. A technology so incredibly sophisticated that I cannot --
Have you been able to analyze <U>any</U> of this...?
Delay that order Scotty...! Disengage all main drive systems!
We cannot break free Captain.  We do not have a fraction of the power necessary.
Get someone up here to take the Navigator's station...!  Engineering... full emergency power!
Captain we have been seized by a tractor beam...!
Transmit image of the Alien to Starfleet; advise we are attempting further communication.
That vessel is generating a forcefield measurably greater than the radiation of the Earth's sun.
Instruments fluctuating Captain. Patterns unrecognizable.
No vessel could generate a powerfield of this magnitude...
Mr. Decker... ?
Recommend we proceede Captain.
But they understood our messages; they broke off the attack.
We are obviously confronted by a highly advanced mentality... yet they cannot understand who we are or what we want.
Our... 'insignificance'?
The 'puzzlement' I sensed was fleeting... minor...  ... as if carrying a sense of our insignificance Captain.
Any reply from them?
It appears that our message has been understood Captain.
Communicated with us <U>how</U>?
They have... they <U>have</U> been communicating with us. I sense ... <U>puzzlement</U>. Why have we not replied?
Mr. Decker I will not provoke an attack If that order isn't clear to you...
Captain I suspect there's an object at the heart of that cloud.
Intruder scans emanate from the exact cloud center. Energy of a type entirely un- known to me.
Do <U>not</U> return scan Mr. Spock! It may be misinterpreted as hostility!
I know this has been painful Spock. For me too. Thank you.
I have accepted service here as a Starfleet officer... sir.
Let it drop Bones.  You are my Science Officer -- I'll expect an <U>immediate</U> report on anything further you learn or <U>sense</U> from here on.
... is my only hope of accomplishing what the Masters could not.
And whatever you sensed out here....
I still contain fragments of my human half.
That inquiry invades my personal life Captain.
Also -- there was nothing in your report about <U>why</U> you're here.
Negative Captain. I could sense only what seemed an almost omniscient pattern of perfect logic. I can explain nothing more; I understand nothing more.
You've reported that you felt strong thought emotions. A group of minds from a space vessel? Could you make out any plan anything to do with Earth?
I want him here.  Sit down!
Sir I would appreciate Dr. McCoy absenting himself from this interview.
Sit down please.
Reporting as ordered Captain.
I intend to be there following that meeting. Report to me. One hour!
To you sir?
Twelve! I'm on my way to a meeting with Admiral Nogura which will not last more than three minutes. Report to me on the Enterprise in one hour.
Which will require twenty more hours at minimum Admiral...
Here at Starfleet...? The Enterprise is in final preparation to leave dock...
Captain Decker requested I complete final Science briefing here before...
Why aren't you on board?
Based I am told on your recommendation Admiral. Thank you.
You've received your appointment as Enterprise Science Officer?
Thank you Scotty. Stand by.
We're ready sir.
Engineering... Status Mr. Scott?
Aye we understand that sir! We're doing our best.
That object out there is less than two days from Earth Mister Scott. We've got to intercept while it still is out there!
Captain it was our anti-matter imbalance that created the wormhole in the first place. It will happen again if we don't correct it.
Warp Drive as soon as possible Mr. Scott.
Engineer we need Warp speed now!
Captain we need further Warp simulation on the flow sensors...
Tractor beam remains constant...
Starfleet has been apprised of our situation Captain.
<U>Urgent</U> signal from Starfleet Captain!  <U>All</U> Earth defense systems have gone dead.
The third one is moving off too -- a fourth one is forming...
Confirm Captain. Lunar beacons indicate Intruder on a course into Earth orbit...
Starfleet signals sir growing in strength...  They -- have Intruder on their monitors -- it's decelerating -- powerfield cloud beginning to dissipate...
Subspace frequencies are jammed by Wormhole effect!
Negative helm control Captain! Going reverse on impulse power...!
Helm ready sir.
Dock control reports ready sir.
Dock signals clear Captain.
Transporters Room and Chief Engineer Scott report trans- porter system fully repaired and now functioning normally sir.
The Guardians will be angry. They may even send me to the Phantom Zone. You see I didn't really have permission to borrow it. I must go explain to them...
But what will happen?
It couldn't be helped. The city will have to make do with three.
But the Power Source Zaltar.
How can you create beauty...with a selfish heart? The spiky insect-creature flies closer and closer around the little girl's head buzzing angrily. Her look of delight turns to fear. She tries to shoo the creature away. It flies off toward the thin membrane that encloses the city.
I'm an artist Alura. My work comes first. Other people come second.
It's big. And empty. I'm tired of limiting myself to  Argo City. I want to do something new. I'm starting to repeat myself here with this airy glittery stuff....
But the phantom Zone is for criminals.
I've discovered a new way into the Phantom Zone.
You and your husband have been kind to me Alura. I have something to tell you: I'm going away. Soon.
What do you mean we?
And the first thing we do is get rid of Supergirl!
At last. Ultimate Power.
That little girl? Ha.  Now go on get me some tools.
She didn't take it from you did she?
I don't feel like it right now.
Shut up and get me a hacksaw.
Sure glad you didn't let make a monkey of you.
Is it her that's bothering you--or your gardener?
No way. I'm not going to let that little hussy make a monkey out of me.
Yes. Whatever I say.  From now on.
Whatever you say.
I think I'd better keep it.
Yes of course it was foolish of me.
Next time remind me to do this out in the yard.
The Naming of Names is not necessary. Just concentrate on her face. Your Shadow will do the rest.
What do I do?  I don't know her name.
That moment is now! What good is a sword unless it be unsheathed? Use it and no one will dare oppose you again. No one.
I've been saving it. For the right moment.
Yes! You own the Coffer of Shadow. Nothing can withstand its power.
Am I? Still?
You can do it. You're the most powerful woman on Earth.
That's easy for you to say Bianca.
Eliminate her.
Why did she have to show up now?
No a super girl.
A Storm Dragon?
It's what we were warned about.
I came as quickly as I could. What is the danger?
He will be. In about five minutes.
Is he your entertainment for tonight?
Sorry mistress.
Bianca try not to be so bloodthirsty when you're at the wheel. OK?
And then like great cats---we pounce! And destroy!
We'll bide our time and keep watch. Young girls just can't keep a secret. If one of them's up to something--we'll find out.
Drive on. We have already attracted enough attention.
But which one?
It must be the girls. One of the girls.
Oh fiddlesticks. What could be dangerous about a baseball game?
The danger. The one Nigel spoke of. It must be near .
What does it mean?
The Coffer of Shadow. Look at it.
What is it?
I said stop I didn't say run into a brick wall.
There's no such thing as an accident. Everything has meaning if you can read the signs.
Maybe it was just an accident.
It's a warning that's for sure.
Is this Nigel's doing?
No problem. She can have it. I hate mountains.
I'm sorry but I already promised Bianca she could have Switzerland. You know how she loves to ski.
Western Europe.
What do you want?
I don't want much Selena. I have simple tastes.
Do you want to come to Argo City?
She's right. They'll string her up.
I'll come back as soon as I can.
No thanks. I have friends in the resistance. They'll vouch for me. I figure I might get a million bucks for my memoirs.
Turn it against her.
How do I fight it?
It's her shadow-self! Her dark side!
She has hostages.
You've had your fun Selena the game is over.
And you can see how you feel about me right?
Just one kiss. For old times' sake.
Before you go...
You'll be safe here. I'll come back as soon as I have the Power Source.
Wait. Don't leave me.
I can see through walls. I could surprise her. The only thing I can't see through is lead that's why I didn't see the Power Source at the amusement park.
In this big old house on Orchard Avenue---but you better stay away from there.
That's the Power Source that was lost from Argo City! That's what I came: to find! Where does she live?
I know what it is. She has this lead container shaped like a gargoyle. Inside there's a silvery ring...
There's something very dangerous about her. Something evil...
She'll forget about us eventually.
Aren't you forgetting about Selena?
Why not? You're a good-looking girl. And I'm--- available.
Hey listen when all this blows over maybe we could get together every now and then and see each other. And maybe something might. happen again. What do you think?
Feelings are real. Once you've had them they're yours forever.
But what if---it wasn't real?
I don't see why not.
You think so?
And now...the guitars are out of tune and the words don't make sense and somebody unplugged the mike...
What I had before. What's not there now. It's like I woke up and found part of me wasn't there any more: something that made me feel really alive and aware of things. It was like for the first time in my life everything fitted together perfectly---you and me and the world around us--like we were a wonderful song...
I know I was acting funny---I'm sorry. It's just...I miss it.
It seemed that way to me.
I'm not mad at you.
Hello. Are you still mad at me?
But I don't understand.
That makes it worse.
I sort of like what you said.
Because you remind me of all the dumb things I said.
Away. From you.
Like turning off a light.
Just like that?
I don't love you any more.
What wouldn't last? What's the matter with you?
She said it wouldn't last.
Ethan---when I said 'a while' I meant a couple of hours.
Great! I'II build a house-- right over there with a veranda looking out to sea. And I'll plant a garden! Papayas pineapples bananas mangoes--- anything'll grow here. And I'II fish in the lagoon and we can go sailing in a dugout canoe and---
You can't just abandon me.  Alone.
But I have to go back. I brought you here so you'd be safe. From her.
It's paradise . We could be very happy here.
I thought I'd show you one of my favourite places.
Is this how?
Well...I guess one is all right.
If we wait until we understand everything we'll be dead. Come on. You can learn more from one kiss than from years in school.
Of course not but...there are things we don't understand.
You're not afraid are you?
Let me kiss you.
What's that?
There's one sure way to find out how you feel.
What do you feel about me?
Of Course I don't hate you. I  don't hate anyone.
You don't like me? You hate me?
All this talk about love it's silly.
Just give me a chance to show how much I love you. Love changes everything. Love makes everything possib1e.
We're from different worlds.
We can't do that.
I'll be safe with you. We can stay together the rest of our lives.
But be reasonable. If I don't do something to stop her she'll try again. And maybe hurt you.
I don't want you to go near her. She's bad news.
Tell me where I can find her.
Let's talk about us not her.
Ethan tell me more about this woman who's after you.
I used to work here summers when I was a kid.
Come on let's ride.
It's not important. The important thing is I'm here to find something and I think you can he1p me.
I'm sorry I don't understand.
No. Argo City. It was on a chunk of rock that was part of Krypton once---but we moved it to inner space.
Where Superman's from? Krypton?
Yes. It reminds me of home.
They don't care they're tearing it down for a shopping centre.
Are you sure it's all right for us to be here?
This is my favourite place in the city.
I know just the place. Hang a left at the Amalgamated Tower.
We have to have a long talk about all this.
My angel. My goddess. I feel I've always loved you all my life. I'll die if I can't spend the rest of my life just looking at you holding you in my arms...
You love me?
That woman who's after me. She hates you. Because she knows I love you.
Who didn't?
You're alive! She didn't kill you!
Relax. Tomorrow this will all seem like a bad dream. Goodbye.
When can I see you again ?
Don't leave me.
Let me out. I have to talk to you.
I'm taking you to the hospital.
What's happening?
It's for your own protection.
Wait...don't leave me in here...
Well thanks a pile fella.
Hey I thought you were gonna mention us upstairs.
I'll mention it upstairs.
Can you get us out? It's all a misunderstanding. We thought they were selling hamburgers in that place.
Remember me? We were in a disaster together.
Hey! Ethan!
That one was for you. But I thought I'd wait and see how you behave when Supergirl gets here. I'd hate to lose you Ethan.
Why the empty cage?
I'm ready for her. I'll show you.
Well...I guess I can't.
You can't put her out of your mind is that it?
You're a regular Einstein aren't you?
I don't know. You seem afraid.
Guess! Go on.
They want me. Doesn't it make you proud?
Careful don't make me angry. I start fires when I'm angry.
You vicious--
You've been without water for a whole day. Let's see how thirsty you get in a week.
Go on  talk big! I'll soon have you purring like a kitten.
If that worked you would've done it already. No you want me to drink it of my own free will. Well let me tell you sweetheart it'll be a cold day in hell before I fall for that one again.
I could force you.
I'm wise to your tricks lady.
I never met a man I couldn't have--and you're no different from the rest!
Come back to my house. My car's outside.
I don't want your help.
This is your problem right here. This girl's driving you insane Ethan. Let me help you.
Nurse! Help !
Don't think I'm weak just because I'm a woman. I have Power. Give in stop fighting me Ethan. I always get what I want.
You can't escape from me that easily. I'm afraid you don't know who I am.
Nurse! Nurse!
Forget her you're mine. I saw you first.
But she is real it wasn't just a concussion.
Yes yes I saw the whole thing. How could you be interested in that puny little girl?
It's the truth. In twenty-four hours you'll forget all about that girl.
Why should I believe you?
And you think you're in love.
They think I have a concussion.
What an adorable hat.
Oh no not you again.
I'll drink to that.
To us. And to the seeds we'll plant together.
Well just one.
A passionfruit smoothee.
What is it?
Oh you know how parties are. Always some damage.
What's that big black scar on the ground? Like a fire.
I bet they do.
I have a lot of repeat business. People seem to like my service.
You must be very popular in the neighborhood. I always see your truck parked around.
Come in have a drink we'll talk.
Well there's several ways to go .
Finished your estimate?
Call me next week. Maybe we can have lunch.
What about my proposal?
I've got things to do.
Hey where you going?
George---I thought you'd never ask.
Marry me Selena. The hardware store doesn't bring in much now but...
Why George are you proposing?
Selena I've been thinking. It's time I settled down---and I don't know a nicer lady to settle down with than you.
Better eat it quick. It won't look too pretty when it's all covered with ants.
You sure are a good cook Selena. Man that looks too pretty to eat.
The scoop of the year!
Say---you think that's the same guy who was in the accident with Lucy?
Someone's chasing him.
It's no trouble. I'd like to ask you some more questions.
Oh no thanks.
Can I give you a lift?
Well Lucy it's nice to see you're feeling better. Nice to meet you Jimmy.
Gosh what do you suppose .that is?
I knew it ! He's working on a  hot scoop !
He's off doing a top secret uh investigation.
Where is your cousin Clark by the way?
Can I quote you?
I believe there's a rational explanation for everything. But I don't know what it is.
How Lucy and that guy got to the hospital. And all that damage at the school. The police are calling it a freak tornado. I'd like to interview you for the Daily- -
Do you have any theories about last night?
Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you. Lucy's told me all about you. Your cousin Clark taught me everything I know about the newspaper business.
You're supposed to guess.
Why didn't you tell me?
You bet your ass.
You were? You mean we could've been... you-know-what... all this time?
Remember? I was trying desperately to get you're attention.
I've been in love with you for years. Remember how you used to visit your sister in the newsroom? And put your fingerprints on my lens.
I heard stories.  I don't think you wanna know.
I wish they'd tell us what they're going to do with us.
I sure wish Superman was around. He wouldn't let any of this go on. Not for one minute.
Lucy! Be serious. We could be executed for  treason!
I can't help it if men notice me.
Did anybody notice you?
I saw them dragged out of the Administration Building.
How do you know?
I had to dump the papers in a trashcan. The Danvers have been arrested!
Jimmy would you please put those poor flowers in water before they die?
-- Planet. I mean you were there. Do you think it was natural or like some people are claiming supernatural?
Oh Jimmy can't you forget about your career for one second?
As brave as my father. As wise.
Be brave my .daughter. Be wise.
Why haven't you been able to contact him? He should have returned from the neutron galaxy ages ago. He may be dead. ZOR-EL But what can you a mere girl-
Superman will return it.
I allowed it to escape the City.
Years ago. And it was Zaltar who stole it.
It was my fault we lost the Power Source.
But Kara no one has ever gone from here to Earth. The journey is dangerous.
I am almost an adult. This is what I want.
It was my fault. You aren't old enough to use the wand. I shouldn't have given it to you.
I'm sorry... I didn't know.
Can you create life?
You see a tree is a living thing.
Wait till you're older. Here -- watch this.
I don't understand.
Even I have trouble with that sometimes. Earth is in outer space. And we're in inner space.
Yes I know the equations---I just can't see it in my head.
Didn't you study six-dimensional geometry in school?
Where is Earth?
It's something they have on Earth. You know where your cousin went.
What's a tree?
It's going to be a tree I think.
What are you making:
Again? You're getting real tight with them. You're gonna be a straight-A student---just kidding thanks for coming.
I have to get back. I'm having dinner with the Danvers.
You're not gonna stay for the ice cream?
Nice? He's cute enough to melt lead!
Listen I know I've been saying you ought party more but keep your hands off this one will yak? He's private property. I've been waiting years for him to develop.
Mr. Danvers called. I'll get a new one with the insurance money. B.F.D.
I'm afraid I have some bad news about your car.
Somebody's gotta do something!!
Lucy; come back!
I dunno but he's gonna get creamed.
Why is he acting so strangely?
Please as a favour to me? So I won't  be the only girl?
It doesn't seem right.
Go back sign in and climb out the bathroom window. McCloskey's always zonked out: she'll never hear you.
Oh I don't know. I'm not signed out for an overnight.
Linda babes! There's this all-night party at Eddie's... his folks are away...
No thanks. You go on.
It was just a trim.
Your hair looks the same.
She just hates anybody who isn't afraid of her.
But what for?
Keep an eye peeled for Myra. She's out to get you.
Must've been a defective puck.
How'd you do that?
She's a beast.
She did that deliberately.
Thank you. You're very kind.
Oh wow I should've known. Me and my big mouth. Listen you can borrow any of my clothes you want. Any time.
My cousin Clark is my only relative on Earth.
You're not...an orphan are you?
I'd rather not talk about it.
Since what?? Did you have a fire at your house or something?
I have money to buy more but I haven't had a chance since...
This is all your clothes?
There isn't any.
No sweat. When's the rest of your stuff arriving?
I can do that.
Sure. Mate in five moves.
Thank you both so much. It was a lovely lunch Mrs. Danvers. I had a wonderful time. And you're a terrific chess player MR. Danvers.
I'd love to.
Can't have you moping around the campus. Why don't you come home with us for dinner?
No MR. Danvers.
No plans for the weekend Linda?
Here it is. Oh...of course. You're the orphan. I'm so sorry about your parents. We'll try to make you happy here.
I mean it would probably be there if you received it.
I'm Linda Lee.
What can I do for you?
Oh yes. Knocking. The pre-entry signal. I forgot.
Don't you believe in knocking?
Why get rid of her at al1? You've used the Coffer of Shadow too much.  It is beginning to rule your heart.
Maybe you'd like to get rid of this Supergirl yourself Nigel?
You would! You revealed our existence so you could have all of our power.
Which of you is willing to make that sacrifice?
We are in great danger. A being has come to Earth with powers far beyond those of anyone member of the Craft.
You better have a pretty good explanation for this Selena.
Such a shame. You ought to take better care of yourself.
Nothing's wrong with my skin.
I was just thinking if I had your skin problems I'd use a good tannisroot ointment. Every night.
...trust the wisdom of the ancients trust the Great Mother to protect us... Why. are you staring at me like that?
I could teach you a thing or two now.
You used to listen to me. When you asked me to teach you something of the Craft.
You're wasting your breath.
I have to talk to you.
Nigel get lost.
Throw him out.
You think you are on top now. Well there is someone coming to challenge you. I saw it in the cards this morning.
You Scorpios can never take a joke.
Balefire on you Selena!
I need you like an Eskimo needs a lawnmower. Now burn rubber.
You need me Selena. I'm the only one who can save you from a terrible fate.
Nigel get out of here. And don't come slithering back. Nigel shakes his head.
Bianca's taught me all! need to know. I'll be safe as long as I don't go too far.
You're going to pay a terrible price. The power of Shadow is tricky. Use it too much and it takes over.
I just did. Because I have the Power.
You're not going anywhere. Except back to nowheresville. You're too impatient Selena. Look around you--all these people have served years and years of apprenticeship. Some of their families have been in the Craft for generations. You can't join and take over our whole organization in a few months.
I have plans Nigel. You could come with me... I'm going places.
It may well be. I know how you won that election Selena. You can't fool me.
Cheer up Nigel. It's not the end of the world.
That's home.
Yes I see it. Shining like a jewel.
They'll be grateful. If you hadn't found it it would still be lost. Look up ahead.
It's everywhere. But water is always the door.
Where is inner space?
Sounds O.K. to me. Let's go.
It's the most beautiful place in the universe.
What's it like?
Your nightmares are over. I'm taking this back to Argo City where it won't be misused.  You could come too. It might be safer for you.
Ever since I found that thing I've been like a prisoner in a terrible nightmare. You have no idea how awful it is to be mean all the time.
I'm free. I can never thank you enough.
You've run out of things to throw Selena.
It's just one more crime you'll have to pay for.
The Danvers. And two of your little friends.
Cheap but effective.
A cheap trick.
That ought to keep you out of my hair for a while.
I don't scare that easily.
I am Selena. Give him to me. Now. Or you'll both be sorry.
Who are you ?
Thank you. I'm going to close this up again.
That was meant for me!
Too late. Too late. Save yourself.
Zaltar. Use the wand!
It's Selena. I'm getting so I can recognise her work.
Yes mustn't stop.
Don't stop. Keep moving.
What's that? Never saw anything like that.
Better than when I was a child.
You can use the wand.
Not doing this for you. Just sick of this place that's all. Wretched singing sculptures always yowling at you. Boring!
Going to try. Didn't say I could.
You're going to take me back?
Please. I have to get back to Earth. My friends are in trouble. And unless I bring back the Power Source Argo City will die.
Superpowers. Got you in a lot of trouble didn't they?
You could do anything. You could sculpt mountain ranges...draw with rainbows! You'd have superpowers.
Leave the zone? What would I do on Earth?
Then come with me.
Takes a long time you know learning the wand. Just begun to understand it myse1f. Give things a kind of life--can also take away life; works backwards too. Besides I can't let you take my wand. Only have the one what would I do? I'd be helpless. It's out of the question.
No it's no good---you can't practice--- you only get one go. A thing like that. No. Sure you don't want a sip of this? It's delicious I think.
Then teach me how.
No it wouldn't work you couldn't it's too--- if it didn't work you'd be swept into a singularity--- no you'd never make it. Forget I mentioned it.
But it's impossible.
There is a way.
No that's not true---there's well...no--
If there's a way in there must be a way out.
There's no way out of the Zone. No one's ever escaped. That's why they send the criminals here.
Help me to get back to Earth. Where my friends are. They need me.
Of course my dear. What can I do?
Zaltar please help me.
Told you. Wouldn't listen to me. Knew it would make you sad.
That horrible woman!
The Phantom Zone overlooks everywhere.. If you have the right tools.
You look at them? How?
But what about other people? Don't you miss them?
What kind of a question is that? Of course: I am. I do whatever I want. All the time.
Are you happy Zaltar?
No no. Not lovely. 'Perfect'. Did everything just right. Nobody telling you to change this move that around. Please yourself. That's the secret of happiness.
It's lovely. . .
Just feels a little like a tiny bit of Argo City...
What? Palace? Hardly.
Well nothing we can do about it. Come into my house. You can stay with me until I build you your own place. I expect you won't want to mix with the others-- not our type of people.
It's dangerous to use a Power Source on Earth. It can unleash all sorts of terrible forces---
...but the person who has it. tricked me and sent me to the Phantom Zone.
Shouldnt've done that.
Yes. I went there to find the lost Power Source...
Earth? You crossed the dimension barrier? By yourself?
I was on Earth...
This is the Phantom Zone. But why did you come here from Argo City?
What is this place?
Nope.  Never. 
Man you don't never pass out do ya?
Hey man that's a great name for a cocktail!
No no on the football field. They called me...  ...The Smallville Flash.
Hey! Y'know what they used to call me in high school?
Brad is not a good name for a cocktail.
Got vodka in it now. Gotta give it a new name. Hey listen you thought it up we'll name it after you. What's your name?
What? What did you tell me?
Aha! What'd I tell ya!
There's no vodka in it.
Not enough vodka in it.
Sling. Singapore Sling. What's wrong?
S'not bad s'very good but... y'know what's wrong with this... Singapore...thing?
TUESDAY! I got to get it all set up in his office tonight before all those big shots come here tomorrow for the meeting!!
Roebush! That's  the guy! Buddy he's gonna nail our behinds to the wall! this is Special Order! He said he had to have it before...  Omigod!! What's tomorrow?
Mr. Roebush?
Good lord fella! I'm talking about your boss.
What are you talkin' about?
First the supplier couldn't find the invoice. Then the order came up short. Then I missed the four o'clock plane from Cleveland and had to rent a car and then I got a darn flat tire on the highway! Can you beat it? Boy your boss must've been furious when I didn't show up by the end of the day today huh?
Buddy are we in trouble.
Yeah? What do you want?
The kid will do fine on his own.  Give it your best shot Ricky!
The kid needs a man to show him --
I just think Ricky would rather not get a bowling lesson in front of the other kids.
For a guy who was lucky to be water-boy on the high school team you sure got a big mouth Kent.
Say Brad. I think he'll be better off doing it his way.
A natural athlete can play any sport. Any sport.
Uh no I didn't know that Brad.
All the kid needs is a couple of pointers from the ol' champ here.  Kent I bet you didn't know I won the all-country bowling trophy two years in a row.
I seem to be.
Hiya sweet thing.  Little guy's getting' hassled huh?  Kent you still here?
Brad Wilson.
Here I am honey and I'm all yours.  Remember when you were Queen of the Prom? All the guys had to wait in line to get a dance.  But now there's only one name on your dance card sweet thing and it's --
But if you wouldn't mind settling for me --
I guess he misses a lot of dinners.
Well he's going to get the best home-cooked meal he's had in... in a long time. You tell Superman we think he's wonderful.
No well in this case I think I can speak for him.  I mean I'm pretty close to him you know.  Superman will be there on Wednesday.
Me too. That's why I put this one up.
Gee I always loved porch swings.
Lana I'm from Metropolis. I see Superman every day.
Well aren't you excited?
He really was!
Can I help?
The dog's always doing that.  And the car's always doing that.
Oh I wouldn't want to -- I mean I'd want to but I wouldn't want to...be a nuisance to you.
No what you said before Could I make it in Metropolis? I've dreamed about it sure but I never really thought about it.  What would I do when I got there?
Ride a thresher? Well I don't know. Girls are trying just about everything now but --
That's the biggest change in Smallville you know. They've taken over this town. Everybody who isn't actually working for Wheat King -- like I do -- is out there --  on a Wheat King thresher.  Do you think I could do it? Do you?
No. I mean yes they are but I was talking about that.  Wheat King. Bet your bottom dollar that's a Wheat King thresher. 
Old ties are hard to cut.
I can never get a way from it.
You know I was just thinking Lana --  -- someone like you could do do really well in Metropolis --
So...how much longer do you think you'll be in Smallville --
Me neither...
Gee I haven't laughed like that since -- since --  I really can't remember when.
Pate? What pate?  I didn't make any --  Oh no Clark. That's Buster's dog food.
Well this pate is rather...unusual.
No I mean Ricky. He's not interested in any of this stuff.
Peanut butter and jelly.
I meant all the choices here. All this --  -- cole slaw guacamole --  This is some picnic!
No all the good ones are married. That's why Brad thinks he's God's gift to women. This woman anyway. He's single. He won't take no for an answer but he's the only one who's asking. And he knows it.
There's a lot of choices here.
And even nicer when there's a man around Which isn't all that often.
I'm talking about salt.  Oh go ahead pour it on relax. That's what picnics are for.
Clark I think you worry too much about mayonnaise.
Well it's true you have to be careful things don't spoil especially with mayonnaise or cream.
Some people don't think it's healthy.
Gee I haven't done this in years.
I mean him.
But all he had was chocolate milk.
It isn't only that he's small for his age. how would you like to be the only kid in town without a father?  Look at him he's stewed to the gills in the middle of the afternoon.
Hey he'll be all right. Believe me Lana I know. I was a late bloomer myself.
I just can't stand this.
You thought that?
That song. I remember one day I came into the music room and you were fooling around at the piano. And I thought -- what am I going to do with all this potato salad?
Oh...I came close once.
You...um...you never got married?
Ricky. My little boy. At least here we've got a house. and I've got a job. Okay I'm only a secretary oaky but it pays the bills. Except for last winter when the fuel bills kept going up and up and up.  I even had to pawn my diamond ring then.
That's easy to say. But how? And what about Ricky?
But Lana you could --
No the problem is --  Why do I stay in Smallville? Believe me I've asked myself the same question. Do you know how lucky you are to live in Metropolis?  The Big Apricot.
I didn't --
Mayonnaise? Donald loved mayonnaise. Why would you think that was the problem.?
Too much mayonnaise?
You know what's the problem?
There must be a gallon of potato salad left over.
It sure is.
And three years after the Royal Wedding the King abdicated.  Isn't that terrible?
The streamers? They're no problem you just pull on them and --
You'd be surprised how many offers I didn't get. Even Brad wouldn't stick around for this.  It really isn't easy.
Sure Lana I'd love to.
For reminding me I mean. Can you follow me?
You're welcome...??
And here I am just standing here. That's terrible. Thank you.
You shouldn't say that you're the chairman --  ...uh chairperson...
You always did.  Can I give you a hand with that?
You look wonderful.
Lana Lang. How great to see you.
I'm sorry Mr. White but I've got an errand to run.
Uh...excuse me folks...
Oh. You're going away.
-- but you  deserve the vacation Lois.
Let me do it for you Mr. White.
I'm getting a cramp in my elbow from this.
Look I don't know Kent. . . CLARK  Personally I think it could be a terrific story!
Mr. White please I promised those people I'd get back to them by this morning. What do you think?
Please Kent not now. I'm trying to put out a newspaper here.
Hi Lois. Morning Jimmy you've got mustard on your lapel. Excuse me Mr. White I don't mean to interrupt but ---
Actually that's why I stopped by. He's realy sorry he wanted to make it but then he...ran into a problem.
Hi. Mister Kent.  Guess who Mom's having dinner with tonight? Superman!
Could you get me Superman's autograph?
Mr. Kent could I ask you something?
We get together sometimes.
Do you really know Superman?
Mr. Kent! Superman was here!
Mom and I do this all the time.
Well...  Not quite like this.
Gee I'm sorry Lois. But I've already got a lunch date. With Mr. White's new secretary.
I'd better be. Suddenly I've got competition to keep up with.  Your high school reunion article. I though it was terrific. And fascinating.  Especially about the girl back home.  I'll tell you what Clark I'll take you to lunch and you can tell me all about it.
You're the best Lois.
Exactly what I was about to ask about me.
So Mr. White? Can I go ahead and make my travel arrangements?
Take me for instance. Going back to middle America after having become a Metropolis sophisticate --
Anyway the reunion's just the hook for the story. What it's really about is how the typical small town's changed in the last fifteen years. how do you like this a title: Can You Go Home Again ?
You know what Mr. White said. A photographer always goes after a story.
What are you doing?
Keep talking to that state trooper so he doesn't notice where I'm going okay?
At one o'clock in the morning?
Wow what a beautiful sunrise!
What's that?
The thing is though my cousin Arnold Aunt Rosey's Arnold this is he got mad when Uncle Al insulted his mother's stuffing so now the problem is --
Mmmmm . . .
But my Uncle Al on my father's side he won't eat her stuffing he says it should be cooked on the outside of the turkey and she puts the stuffing inside the turkey. So my mother told my Aunt Ellen . . . Aunt Ellen's my father's half-sister I told you that right?
I wouldn't know Mr. Kent. Most of the people I went to high school with are still in high school.
It's practically an American ritual Mr. White! Isn't that so Jimmy?
What about this week's check?
You are I was about to say no longer eligible.
Don't call me a bum! I ain't no bum!
Thirty-six weeks of chronic unemployment thirty-six weeks of living off the taxes of hard-working citizens. Do you know what you are?
I know I'm the fault.
Mr. Gorman the city of Metropolis is generous to a fault but. . .
The only other employment you found was in a fast-food joint--  -- which lasted. . . 28 minutes! Well! That's some kind of record. Talk about fast!
Well it was one of them little bitty two-inch screen Japanese jobs.
A television set?
They said I lost it on the subway but it ain't the truth! It was a pickpocket took it!
Not counting this week.  You secured employment last June as a messenger and were discharged after one day for. . .
Thirty-five.
Mr. Gorman according to our records you have been unemployed for 36 weeks.
Nope but --
Dishwasher? Any luck?
Kitchen. . . Technician
Ah yes August Gorman. Have you looked for work this week Mr. Gorman?
Gus Gorman.
The boss wants to see you.
Yeah. A raise . .
Workin' overtime? What are you doin' buddy looking for a raise?
Uh . . . no man. I got some work to finish up here.
Quittin' time Gus. Comin'?
One.  And a half.
How many sugars?
They're just . . . floating around out there. The computer knows where.
So where is all them half-centses?
No not really. They can't be bothered collecting half a cent from your paycheck anymore than you could.
Who gets it the company?
They don't actually lose 'em. You can't lose what you never got.
What'm I gonna do with half a cent? Buy me a thoroughbred cockroach?  Everybody loses them fractions?
Actually it's probably more like $143.80 and one-half cent.  There's always fractions over in a big corporation but they round it down to the lowest whole number.
I ain't gonna live that long on $143.80! I want it now man while I'm still young and cool.
That's so you're still getting some money when you hit 65.
First rip-off man! Supposed to be 225 bucks a week! You know what this sucker says?? $143.80!  Federal tax! State tax! Social Security tax!
First paycheck?
Sonofagun! Look at this here!
Join the party genius! Come on up!
Awright. I got me my electric train mama. I finally got --  Hey what y'all doin' up there?!
Can't wait pal can't wait.
You want to mess with Superman?
Man all it got to do is find their weak spot.  You bet on the machine in any fight you name you gonna win your bet.
Remember Gus. A machine doesn't want anything except to keep on being a machine. You've got to make sure it can figure out how to beat any opponent.
Yeah sure.  Ain't nobody gonna stomp my electric train...
Can you do that?
Ain't nobody gonna mess with my machine! I'll...I'll... what will I do?  I'll build in a counter-punch! Anything attacks it gets counter- attacked! And wiped out!
But a machine this powerful is going to make powerful enemies. People who will want to destroy it.
Exactly. Stoned mother.
Stone mutha.
I told you it wasn't no jive.
It looks wonderful. it is wonderful let's face it.
Yeah? How's it look?
Tell me more...
What will it get me?
Everything.
What will it do?
I invented it man. In my head. It's a stone killer-diller get-down get-it-on and twice-on-Sunday super mutha computer.
You designed it?
Not like this one you ain't. Nobody in the world got one like this 'cause it don't exist yet. We got to build it.
We've already got some.
A computer.
A waste-basket? GUS Those are plans.  Blueprints.
What do you want?
Fair's fair.
Is this whitemail?
Don't be getting' racist with me man.
Is this blackmail?
Don't lay that jail number on me no more. You need me out here doin' stuff for you more'n sitten' in no jail doin' nothin' for nobody.  'Sides I be known' some heavy stuff about you now. You don't want em spillin' the coffee beans.
I should think a taste of freedom is enough don't you? Or would you prefer jail?
Now...when do I get a taste?
The moon! Listen man when I was a little bitty kid all my friends got them electric trains for Christmas. My mama didn't have barely enough to pay the electric bill let alone buy me no train set.
I knew it I knew it go be nice to people and they think they can ask for the moon!
Lookit you're getting' what you want all the time. it ain't right that I don't get somethin'! I never get somethin'!
Thanks kiddo. now listen this part's important. I want you to program one special command into all these systems. Tell them these orders are irreversible so it'll be impossible for anybody to switch them back. Can you do that pal?
Pumps stop pumping oil. Pipe lines stop pipin' oil. Tankers stop deliverin' oil. Man this is high stakes.
And then shut down the pipe lines.
You catch on fast old buddy.  Tell him about the pumps. I know how you love the part about the pumps.
Then how's all the people gonna get their oil?
And do nothing. Just sit there.
Yes but they don't really need them. it's just a throw- back to some sentimental sea- faring baloney.
They ain't got captains?
Every oil tanker and super- tanker and super-duper-tanker in the ocean is controlled. totally by computers. Computers to tell them where to go how much oil to take on where to deliver it.
KRYPTONITE!
He sure wasn't actin' bad and nasty that day in Smallville. Man he was so full of niceness I was startin' to feel funny about layin' that chunk of...
Greed!  Let me tell you something---
Gus if there's anything I hate it's greed.
That's what I been thinkin' about. How you been keepin' me.  I ain't getting' nothing outta this gig.
God that's what I keep you for.
Just hold on a minute. I have been doin' some thinkin'
Wait a second. Astronomers know where the planet used to be right? And you know what happens when a planet explodes? Debris. Pieces floating in space.
It ain't. It's nowhere. It blew up. That's how come they shipped the dude to Earth when he was a baby.  well. I know some stuff too y'all.
What are you talking about fella?
Uh...what channel were you watching?
I did. isn't it neat-o?
Turn on the T.V.
Just the man I wanted to see!
Yeah yeah I can do it.
Always making yourself beautiful for me aren't you?  So Gus can you make Vulcan do what I want it to? You didn't answer me pal.  Did you hear about that prison riot last week? It seems they were complaining about rats in the cells...
Like everything else in the 20th century Gus. You push buttons.
How do you do that?
That what they call you?
Gus tell me have you ever heard of Vulcan?
But Mr. Webster...you're doin' okay with Brazil and them other places. What's wrong with just one little old country doin' their own thing?
Destroy the entire Colombian coffee crop down to the last bean.
Wipe 'em out?
Columbia's got two major exports and one of them's coffee. 
Which country?
But y'see chum the problem I got is that one country just won't play ball with me.  You know how that can just bug a guy don't you?
Decaffeinated too?
Under different company names. I control the price of coffee beans in Brazil. The price in Venezuela. Java South Korea North Korea the Aleutian Islands Guam Bolivia and the Republic of Gabon!
Plants. Plants always make an office cozier.
Man what is this?
I don't think you understand.
Black or regular?
Gus do you know what I want now? I want coffee!
I'm tryin' to.
Gus Webco the Webster industrial complex is a family-owned cartel. A little magnesium here a little zinc there. Some railroads here some farm machinery there. You follow?
'Cause I know about getting' them half-centses?
Yes! That never occurred to me.  Her ya go buddy single-malt.  Gus my friend you're a genius. Okay a naughty genius but hell nobody's perfect.
I believe they're laundered and sent to some charitable institution. I don't know what the heck they do with 'em. Maybe they use them for dust rags or pen wipers...
Yeah? What do you do with 'em?
Now me I was born rich. I've never worn the same pair of socks twice.
Uh...yeah. I didn't think of it that way exactly but...
You've been a naughty boy haven't you?  C'mon now admit it you were kinda naughty.
Mr. Gorman just answer me one question...
Please Mr. Webster you're a great humanitarian. Ain't you heard what it's like in them jails? You send an innocent boy in and he gets thrown in with killers and robbers and rapers and raper killer and robber rapers and...
Suit yourself Gus.  Say does your boss use a computer in this operation?
I was afraid you'd say that.  Hey is there a bus station around here?
Thanks.  Let's go
Just a second.
Whatcha wanna stop here for?  Not that I ain't glad to be on the ground y'understand.
No...I just have a little stop to make.
We back in Metropolis?
I never crash Gus. That'd be embarrassing.
We gonna crash?
No we're just going down.
Watch out for them air pockets!
That's up to the judge Gus. It's not your problem anymore.
I ain't about to argue with you.  What's gonna happen to them three? Ross the boss and those ladies?
Hey you're perfectly safe.
Don't make me talk please. I got enough problems just hangin' on.
How you doing down there?
Will you stop interrupting ?!  You will command the pumps to stop pumping.
I know by computers.
And do what?
You will command the tankers to sail toward a 50-mile area in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean.
What she call you?
Oh Bubba think of the possibilities.
Through the telephone line terminal that ain't nothin'.
Sister! I'm his sister!
Hey listen I didn't know your mama was comin' by...
It was hot!
You! You're lucky I didn't fire you. I get a chance at exclusive on-the-spot pictures of the biggest forest fire in history and what does he come back with??? A broken leg and twelve melted rolls of film.
Why do I have to do this?
A story like this cries out for great human interest pictures.  The big dance! The Homecoming Game! Mr. Kent posing next to his old locker!
What about you?
What about me?
All right Kent. I just hope you know what you're doing. If you really think Smallville is your big chance go for it.
A photographer eats with his camera A Photographer sleeps with his camera --
I didn't have my camera with me.
You're amazing Olsen. A boring banquet and you bring back 3000 boring pictures. Then Superman puts out a fire on Third Avenue this morning and you stand there and watch the whole thing and you don't take one picture!!
That's his sister. Vera Webster.
Who's the other woman?
Her name's Lorelei Ambrosia. She's Webster's Girl Friday.
Who is she?
The bridge...?  I'd better get going!
Listen are you sure you shouldn't do something about the bridge?
It's hard to believe... a great looking girl like you all alone like this. As she glances up at him she is first flustered then flattered then...finally...just realistic:
Hey Don't I always get there in time?  Come on relax.
But the bridge...
There's no rush.
You just did with that great dinner.
He was asleep before his head hit the pillow.  Well this was only the biggest day of his life. I really don't know how to thank you.
Well...I guess they did get a little carried away.
You know I really wasn't expecting all this.
I'm sorry I'm in a real hurry.  See you around pal.
And this is...  ...Clark.  My friend is around here somewhere I'll just look for...
We've already met.
Oh. I'm Lana Lang. This is Ricky.
Thank ...you.
I'd wash that out with some iodine...  Okay Mercurochrome.
Ricky?  Where...what...
I just knew I was onto something when that taxi driver kidnapped me.
Lois I've got to hand it to you. You're amazing. Who else could manage to turn a three-week tropical vacation into a front page story that's going to blow the lid off government corruption in the Caribbean?
Okay Kent call your people and tell them the Prodigal Son is coming home. FAVORING CLARK -- Happy now he turns to leave the office. SHOT LOSES PERRY but we continue to hear his voice o.s.
Hey I'd definitely shoot color on that one Jimmy. It'd be a crime to just use black and white.
Kent's been invited to his high-school class reunion.
What terrific story?
The picture's fine. That's the way she looks in real life.
The picture looks blurry.
That wasn't me. That guy's gone.  And you're next Webster.
But the other night...
I don't know you lady.
It isn't much really you see there's this little boat. Well not so little really. And it's not going where it's supposed to go and...
No I don't think I would. So... then what can I do for you?
Never.  I get air-sick. You wouldn't like that.
Okay what is it? You want a ride?
I'll do more than tell you. I'll show you back at my place. If you'll just do me one little favor first.
Lots of things...
I'm in no rush.  So what do you have in mind?
Well don't let me keep you from anything.
Don't worry. I'm long past saving.
Hey don't expect me to save you. Because I don't do that anymore.
I thought you'd never get here.
But how? Where's it getting the power from ???!
I can't! It's out of control!
He can have mine. Anytime.
Cut the mush Lorelei. He's after our skin!
Oh Superman!
In other words push this red button.
You! Activate circuits 29 through W7 and start Full Power Coordinates on Exterior Defensive Systems:
Superman. The boy you left behind.
Come on will you?  We've got to get ready before he gets here.
Where do you usually find a light switch?
Where's the light switch?
Turn on the light.
I can't see anything.
And he use to be such a sweetie pie! What's wrong with him the last two weeks?
So I understand from the graffiti I've seen.
Hey I know a lot of things!
How would you know?
Why stop at coffee!  A cup of coffee gets the world off to work in the morning but what keeps the world working?
Why don't you hold your breath instead? Maybe you'll turn blue. On you that'd be an improvement.
If you don't mind we are trying to hold a meeting here!
Bubba does this woman have the right to burst in without knocking...!
Ross honey it's time for your massage...
There is no handle! You just push a button.
Where's the handle?
It's modern. It's up-to-date. It's state-of-the art.  People I am in love with this machine.  Go ahead Mr. White.
Why do I have to do this?
Mr. White you be in this shot handing them their plane tickets.
Couldn't we just get a computer to do this?
By hand. Like the pioneers did.
How'm I supposed to turn this thing?
Mr. White the next number please?
You've got to pick three more numbers.
Okay? Goodbye.
Because you're the Editor-in-Chief. Your integrity is unquestioned. LOIS I have a question.
Why can't the idiot in Circulation who dreamed up this imbecile contest in the first place ---
Mr. White please it's time for you to draw this month's winning JINGO number.  The prize is an all-expenses trip to South America.
He's bound to slip up sooner or later.
Well chum? What now? Kiss the 85 thou goodbye? Pay some thief's salary while he thinks up new ways to shake the money tree?
Now Vera...uh Simpson you know my Staff Dietician?
My friend you are yesterday. Whoever pulled this caper is tomorrow.
Embezzled Mr. Webster.  Stolen from the firm.
Missing????
85000 dollars.
It's your genius pal! You built a machine that can find anybody's weak spot just like you said.
Yes! This time we got it right!
Don't bet on it!
He's coming! He's going to hurt me!
Like fish he is.  I know enough about computers to put a PHD to shame.  Come now brother dear you didn't think I was going to let that little man run the show did you? Gus Gorman telling us what to do -- I'd sooner kiss a pig!
He's the only one who can operate this --
Who needs Gus?
Wait for Gus to get here sis.
Come on let's give it a dry run.
Not quite. What is that in the lower right hand corner?
That's it! The last tanker! They're all mine now! All...
We can get to work on that oil!
And now that Superman's out of the Nice Guy business...
A normal person.
Don't you see? Okay so you didn't kill him. Nobody's perfect. But that stuff we ran up in the lab wasn't a complete failure after all.  Right after Gus gave it to him Superman started to turn into a selfish ornery malicious conniving...
So all we've got to do is pick up the garbage.  We just have to find our where in Heaven Krypton used to be. Then good old Gus here contacts the Vulcan satellite--
The planet Superman came from. Krypton.
Where did it come from?
I just remembered the rest. There isn't any more. The only chunk that ever landed on Earth disappeared a couple of years ago. It was in this story in the Daily Planet.
What's wrong?
Wait a minute! She's right! Kryptonite. I remember reading about it in an interview with him.  Nuts...
How? Shoot him? You know about him and bullets. Not to mention knives tanks bombs...
Nice try Butch  but it wouldn't be effective against Superman.  You'll see! Now that he's pulled this stunt he'll stick his nose in my oil scheme and ruin that one too! I've got to get rid of him! I've got to!
Don't cry Bubba.
He ruined it! That lousy do-gooder he ruined it.
I could have it all! Holy cats! All the oil! All the tankers! All the pumps! The gosh-darn world will be out to lunch! No heat no gas--sis this is some nifty idea!
Chicken feed.  If Gus Gorman can push the right buttons ---
We already have a super-tanker.
Small potatoes.
TOMORROW THE OIL!
Today coffee----
You mean...you mean...Vera! Vera! The magnitude of this!!!
Well Webco has a hundred and twelve subsidiaries and every one of them is tied to our central computer system. How about...hmmmm someplace small...
Someplace where nobody knows him so they can't connect him with us.
Gus Gorman this is my Psychic Nutritionist.
She's not his mama either.
Somehow your twisted little mind should be able to figure out how to tap into the main computer at the Aerospace Center and reach Vulcan.
Computers talk to other computers right?
Blizzards! Heat waves!
Storms! Floods!
It could make weather!
But if somebody re-programmed it it could do much more.
Oh right. Well then just shake hands.
I don't kiss.
Get a hold of yourself Vera.  Nobody else ever will.
That's what I want to know! By whom? Whom????
She'll be fine.
Are you okay?
Tourists about twenty of 'em.
So far the hostages are unharmed.
Anybody been hurt?
Yeah. I'll check.
Jimmy how's the -
Everything on it.
Everything on it?
Sure. Especially if you'd be a really terrific guy and bring me a cheeseburger to go --
Well you should. Because I appreciate you too you know.
I'll try to remember that . . .
Clark stop feeling so threatened every time you hear his name. Nobody expects you to be what you're not.
Lois I really don't see why --
. . . Superman?. . . . .
I'm fine. . . . . .  What  was I talking about?  Before?
Take it easy. Take a deep breath.
See what happens when I don't have my orange juice?  The human body is only a workable fairly fragile machine when you treat it with the same respect you'd show to ----  . . . gee . . .
I like worrying about you.
Lois someday --
Oh I'm not blaming you.  I just know me. I'd be jealous. Jealous of . . . of all humanity.  Some rival huh?
What else could I do?
Oh when it comes to you I am. Not that I don't understand why they all need you. but they can't need you more than I do.
You're not selfish at all.
Never closed my eyes.
Sleep well?
He knew. I heard him. I just didn't listen.
Don't . . . it's not your fault . . . you didn't know . . .
I have to try dammit! Something anything . . .
But what can you do? There's no way now . . .
I have to go back . . .to the Fortress . . .
I know that Lois. And I wish he were here . . .
I don't want a bodyguard. I want the man I fell in love with.
Maybe we ought to hire a bodyguard from now on.
Let's get you inside . . . .
Blood . . . my . . . blood . . .
Do you . . . ah . . . want to step outside?
Clark . . . it doesn't matter . . . we can move . . .
Say you love me.
You did it. You gave it all up for me. I . . . I don't know what to say.
Your place?  Maybe I should change  Maybe you should too.
Let's go to my place.
Let's go to my place.
I guess it would be all right if -  Lois now that you know me I think you ought to know it all.
Not here Perry'll be calling at six to find out what's happening.
I'm listening.
We'd better talk.
I'm in love with you. How do you feel?
Well not in your mind but maybe . . .deep in your heart . . .
I didn't think I wanted to.
Maybe you wanted to.
Oh come on that's ridic -
I was right. you are Superman.
Lois I . . .
It's true. It's true.
Lois help! I can't --  I can't swim -- !
Oh Clark no!
Because of what I'm betting.  My life.
How could you win a crazy bet like --
Uh-uh.  Listen I'll tell you what. You say I'm wrong. And I say I'm right. So why don't we make a little bet on it?
You've been under a lot of pressure lately -
No of course not Lois. You just get carried away sometimes. Believe me I understand --
Listen I've got to give you credit. Your disguise is nearly perfect. I mean if you fooled me and I am nobody's fool --
Whoever I  Look maybe you ought to take a walk and clear your head. I'II meet you back at the motel.
Don't fake me out Clark.  Or whoever you are.
Lois I don't have the vaguest idea -- as usual -- what you're --
And you weren't. As usual. What do you say to that?
Superman? Oh was he here?
I mean it strikes me funny that every time Superman comes around you disappear.
I was getting hot dogs. What do you mean?
Where were you?
Frankly once you've seen Superman in action Niagara Falls tends to leave you cold.
No. I mean here you stand with one of nature's most awesome spectacles and the whole time you've had your back to it. Aren't you impressed?
Aw c'mon -- anybody can get hungry.
Lois you're amazing.
Hey are you hungry? I'm hungry.
That's because you can hardly see through those things.
I don't know they look pretty happy to me...
I was. . . uh. . . just wondering about the.. . .the.. . . the uh arrangements.  Sleeping arrangements.
Oh sure everything is complimentary. Until you get the bill.
Yeah thanks. . . . I mean really! Posing as newlyweds to uncover the honeymoon racket in Niagara Falls.  I mean. imagine wasting a great reporter -  -- uh reporters -- on this.  Perry White and his Sunday Magazine exposes.
Oh you're a great writer Lois nobody doubts that.
Hah some guys say I have magic fingers.
'Magic Fingers.' Fifty cents.
It is kinda romantic.
Of course that's what friends are for.
Clark everything I was saying -- can't you see I only say it because I really care?
Be my guest.
Maybe I could try --
Haven't you heard? There's an energy crisis.  No this was good enough for my mother --
Lois why don't you at least get one of those automatic ones?
Well you shouldn't  Be more aggressive Clark! Trust your instinct! When you see your opportunity grab it! I do.
Actually yes.
Sure! But nobody knows it. Least of all you.  Look would you mind if I gave you some constructive criticism?
Of course not. Not when you've got so much going for you.
Oh sure. The American answer to everything. Pills.  No this is --  -- natural.
One thousand?? That's an awful lot of oranges. You know there are pill Lois. I've seen them.
Well you never will again!  Thanks to Vitamin C! I'm reading a book that says the foundation of a sound body structure is one thousand milligrams of Vitamin C every day.
When was the last time you heard me sneeze?
Lois what are you doing?
Do I detect a note of jealousy?
Not everyone can have X-ray vision you know.
Then maybe you should get your glasses checked.
Lois I usually do.
No I meant it's awfully dangerous.
No offense Kent. You're good but Lois is the best we've got.
Gee. But --
The minute the story broke I bundled her on the first Concord out of here. If Paris goes kablooey I want the best reporter I've got right there in the middle of it.
Does she know about it? She's in it!
Does Lois know about this yet?
That's why they call 'em terrorists.  Go down to the morgue and dig up anything you can find on past incidents of --
But . . ..that's terrible!
Dickens! The whole world's about to blow up and you're reading Dickens?!
Actually I was trying to catch up on my reading. There's a lot of Dickens I never got around to --
Don't you watch television? Don't you listen to the radio?
Uh...home...
Get your head out of the clouds Kent. Where you been  the last twelve hours?
Your heart Miss Teschmacher? I never knew you had one.
Good. My heart can't take it.
You'll miss the battle of the century!
So does your average cocker spaniel. Give me another one.  Under . . . the big one there.
I like trees.
I wouldn't know. I've never had one.
A good time! Is that all you care about?!
Look at this! Snow. Ice.  Your idea of a good time.
Mush!  Mush!
You thought about me in a parka. That's sick Lex. Really.
A bikini! I'll need to buy a new bikini Lex.  C'mon. After being cooped up in that prison haven't you thought about me in a bikini . . ...once maybe ?
You'll have to pack quickly.
There is some good in you Lex after all.
How would you like to take a little vacation? I mean you've earned it you know? You deserve it.
What else is ballast for?
Lex...Lex how could you do that to Otis?
It's beautiful.
That was two days ago. Frankly I think this place is a bit boring. It's all white. Why doesn't the guy put up some posters? Maybe some bullfight things . . .
Why didn't you go before we left?
It has everything.
It's beautiful.
It's beautiful.
No me me me. Thank you.
I'll be alright.
Genius!  --  Lex.
It' s fantastic! ----- This place is genius.
This way Lex.
Is this a philosophy seminar? No. This is getaway.
Why am I doing this? Why am I here?
Well done Miss Teschmacher.
How the hell would I know? I was in high school back in those days.
Isn't that what the old Canaveral guys used to call a comet on an East-West trajectory?
What's a curl?
What'd he say before? He saw a girl?
Artemis? Do you read me?
Superman's got something up his sleeve that's for sure. We just haven't figured it out. Isn't that right Miss Lane?
Game plan! It's fourth down and long yardage the two-minute warning sounded and the ball's deep in our territory! How brilliant do you have to be?!
Maybe we just don' t know his game plan.
I can't understand it! Where is he? I mean he shows up every time a cat gets stuck in a tree and  now he decides to pull a disappearing act?
He knows where the Eiffel Tower is Olsen.  You do don't you Kent?
A gang of terrorists seized the Eiffel Tower in Paris
Mr. White the pressroom wants to know how much longer to hold the front page.
And she -- the one you have chosen -- she feels as much for you?
But you had more than that and I know it. You and my father --  you had each other.  Can I never have what you had?
Because that is your heritage. Those are the values we lived by on Krypton.
Patience Kal-El. You begin to sound like an Earthling. SUPERMAN Mother you speak only of honor of sacrifice of responsibility --
Yes but it's not all I feel.
You have been given a higher form of happiness. The happiness you feel by serving others by inspiring them to --
Selfish! But they get a chance at happiness. Can't I have that chance?
You no longer can serve humanity if you invest your time and emotion in one of them at the expense of the rest.  Surely this is not how you repay their gratitude Kal-El. Could you really abandon the weak and the needy merely to fulfill some selfish dream.
I didn't ask her anything . . .
The one danger we have considered is that the Phantom Zone might - we cannot predict - just might be cracked by a nuclear explosion in space. I cannot say I am glad you asked me that -
I asked the right question.
The Elders have of course thought long and hard about that question.
No possibility for parole?
And so our scientists constructed from an irreversible mathematical equation the Phantom Zone. In it we imprisoned these three arch-villains for all eternity.
Sensible enough.
The three proved - after exhaustive efforts - incapable of rehabilitation. Now as you know we had no death penalty -
My kind of people.
Now This I want to hear.
-- as the keeper of the archives of Krypton it falls to me to tell you of the darkest episode in our planets history.
Ahhhhhh -- Alpha Waves.
That little black box goes beyond any known conventional radar it tracks Alpha Waves.
That little black box Mr. Luthor I mean -- what's it for?
Oh! That black box in our cell?
I mean they can't even trace that guy on that radar they got every time they try he just flies off.
DELETE IN CUTTING
 DELETE IN CUTTING
I want my Liberace record back tonight.
Don't feel bad Mr. Luthor. It almost worked. I mean California almost threw up right in the ocean. Millions of people almost killed. If it hadn't been for that guy Superman - that overgrown boyscout...
What do you want?
Oh General the world is a big place. Thank goodness my needs are small...As  it turns out I have this affinity for beachfront property . . .
We will bring him to his knees!
Certainly. But - Er. Oh Magnificent one he's just one but you are three or four even if you count him twice.
He has powers as we do . . .
Constantly.
He flies as well then . . .
Revenge! We will kill the son of our jailer!
Oh my Fullness as I explained to you before I am about the best there is. Second best there is.
The son of Jor-El on this Planet?
No Jor-El the baseball player that came from Porto Rico. Yes Jor-El your Jailer.
Oh magnificent one. What I am bargaining with is what you do not have -- the son  of Jor-El.
We have all of this without you. You cannot bargain with what you don't have.
Wait wait wait just a moment. Wait till you've got to know better will you please.  Wait -- look I can give you anything you want. I can give you the brass ring the - er -- unlimited freedom to maim cure destroy chew - plus Lex Luthor's savvy. Lex Luthor's career guidance... Lex Luthor's School of...
But him is you.  Now I'm confused.
Oh no.  I really like it sometimes.  And if it weren't for him I wouldn't have met you.
It must be tough having to be Clark Kent.
Hey don't worry. You'll be fine Just . . . well don't rush it.
I never did this before . . . I have to tell you.
Dinner. Oh yes.  I'm sorry I just never do much about that.  But tonight -- I mean anything you want Lois.
Like it? It's magnificent!  Not that it couldn't use a woman's touch. Especially around dinner time.
So --  I hope you like it.
Well . . . it's been more like a fortress than a home.  Until now.
I must be. But I'm not.  Your home. This is your home.
You must be freezing.
The bomb! It's in there! Any second now its --
Really Lois we've got to stop meeting this --
Superman! The --
Wait a minute wait a minute let's talk a deal Superman. We can take a lunch on this --
Which one would you like to join Luthor? Pick a hole.
Listen. Have I got a proposition for you Superman. I mean I owe you one you know? Now don't say yes or no till you hear me out . . .
Too late Luthor. Too late . . .
Are you kidding? I knew it all the time. Did you see how they fell into our trap? Beautiful . . .
I knew you'd double-cross me Luthor. A lying weasel like you couldn't resist the chance . . .
Luthor you poisonous snake . . .
Wait! Don't go in! It's a trap!
I'll have to take the chance. Try to get them all into that molecule chamber. It takes away their powers reduces them to human beings. Now if you could . . .
Me? I'm loaded with good! I mean I've never even used it.
Perhaps there is some good in you after all Lex Luthor.
Now I shall have the Son of Jor-El as my slave! Forever. If not the millions of earthlings you protect will pay for your defiance.  Beginning with this one.
Hey let's be fair. Actually there've been two or three times --
Put down Lex Luthor?
Put down Lex Luthor !
North. Keep going North!
Where is his home Lex Luthor? Which way?
No drinks . No movie. This is the last time I take a charter flight.
Kill me? Lex Luthor? Extinguish the greatest criminal flame of our age? Eradicate the only man on earth . . .
Why do you say this to me when you know I will kill you for it?
He ran in fear from us . . .
Come to me Superman! If you dare! I defy you! Come! Come and kneel before Zod!
You'll find out General! And when you do . . .
Who is this . . . Superman?
I wish I knew. --  Oh God.
Who is this imbecile? Where is he?
It will. Starting with your own.
We have not the choice to refuse have we if we believe it is a real hydrogen bomb that they have.
Yes but will you honor it?
Um. . . .we have made this guarantee.
There will be no attack? No attempt to overpower the terrorists?
In return for a guarantee that we will not launch an attack an them.
And now they are willing to release the rest of the hostages?
Did you really believe we would give up our advantage?
We must combine our strength.
General --- ?
Don't worry. I will draw his fire.  With a few of my own.
He's captured Non!
Sentimental idiot.
He...  cares. He actually cares about these . . . . . .these People. These earth People .
And so I was yesterday. And the day before.
You are master of all you survey.
Brave young heroes. Be nice to them my dear. Blow them a kiss.
Look they need a machine to fly.
Stay. I will come to you.
What shall we do now?
So this is the planet Houston . . .
And I will lead.
Then we must go there too.  To rule. Finally - to rule!  And then you shall have what you want.
Yes. To all of us. The closer we come to an atmosphere with only one sun - a yellow sun - the more our molecular density gives us unlimited powers!
Strange. I tore those metal fibers like paper. And what he did . . ..  Was amazing!  Something is happening . . ..
Lacy. . . I . . .
Maybe if you'd have met who I am now instead of the spoiled brat you met a few weeks ago it would have been different between us.
You'll find a good man Lacy. You deserve one.
You know: strong gentle tall men with bright blue eyes and square. Men who like to dance slow the old fashioned way the way their mothers taught them on the night before their prom.
Any more like you back home Clark?
I'm not so sure you do.
You don't have to be polite Clark. I've got a pretty good idea of how you feel about me.
I'm sorry to see you go.
Daddy's offered me jobs at some of his other companies. But I've been thinking maybe I'll take some time off.  I'm going to find a place like Smallville in the country. Maybe a  farm . . .  see what the slow lane is like.
No mind it's only antique Irish linen.
Gee I'm really sorry.
Let's sit down. They walk to the table. LOIS calls out to the balcony.
Hi. Is dinner ready? I'm famished.
Clark. . . !
Oh . . . my . . .
But they're expecting us. It wouldn't be polite.
I missed you. It wasn't any fun up there with just Lois and Superman. They're so boring. Let's go do something wild!
Oh . . . Right. . . I'll be back in a flash.
Shouldn't you pay the cabbie?
. . . Let me get my purse.
Hello Lacy. Can anybody break a twenty? The cabbie didn't have any change.
Come early. The view is so romantic from my balcony.
Gee I don't think . . .
I'll just invite them both to my hotel suite and we'll have high tea. It's very chic.
Yes I know. I'm sure it will be a great story.
Then prove it. Lois is doing an interview with Superman about his peace mission . . .
I'm not avoiding you. I've been very busy and . . . I like you . . . I really do.
He's a jerk. I never noticed it before. Seems like a lot of people I know are jerks . . .  . . . Maybe you think the same thing about me. That's why you keep avoiding me.
If you say so. Here goes.
Now you try Clark. We'll start you off with 60 pounds.
Don't give up. This is a perfect subject for your series on young Metropolis. Now let's get those knees up!
Maybe I should sit this one out.
Don't worry I've got you.
I feel kind of light-headed . . .
No realistic. There's no magic in the world. Girls just don't get swept off their feet anymore.
That sounds kind of pessimistic.
Don't tell me you're waiting for lightning to strike. Wide-eyed romantics are an endangered species.
Well my career takes up a lot of my time.
What about here?
Oh . . . no there's no one back home.
That's not what we were taught. 'Look out for number one' -- that's daddy's golden rule ... he always ends up with the gold.
No ... Metropolis is a confusing place. Back in Smallville -- my hometown -- everything was more simple. People would sacrifice everything just to lend a helping hand.
My prom was so boring. We all flew to Paris the next day to recover . . . Sometimes my whole life seems boring. I thing maybe I should just give everything away and go live among the poor people. Then I remember how smashing I look in sable . . . oh it's all so confusing. You think I'm silly don't you?
Actually I had a crash course from my mother the night before my prom.
Don't tell me. You learned to dance at church socials.
This is Metropolis after hours! This is what you'll be writing about. C'mon let's dance.
I've never been in a place like this before.
Oh Clark you're so delightfully primitive.
Gosh I'm sorry we better get in line.
You're late. Very late.
Don't worry. I won't make you do it alone. I know all the right places. I'm a member at all the right clubs . . . We'll start tonight at the grand opening of the Metro Club! It's a date!
They make my eyes itch.
That's just it! You don't have to flaunt it. You're no slave to fashion ... although ...
And I'm usually in bed by ten-thirty.
But you're perfect for it. You're young you're single you're successful...
I really don't think . . .
It's brilliant. Daddy thinks so too. You'll write a new series -- 'Metropolis After Hours.'
Well I'm feeling a lot better . . . almost chipper . . .  . . . and all because I had a visit from a very good nurse.
It must have been a super effort to get out of bed Clark.
You know him so well.  But I'm sure he'll manage . . . wherever he is.
Everyone's saying he's . . . dead. But I know that isn't true. I feel it in my heart. I think he just needs help.
Superman? Has something happened to him?
You haven't been at work . . . you didn't call the office . . .  you didn't even call me. How could you not call back?
It's just a bad flu really. How did you know . . .
Clark it's Lois. This is the fourth message. I've left. . . Where are you ?
. . . Please leave your message at the beep.
It's her father's grey matter that's weakened if you ask me. How can I ask Superman such a dumb question.
'Are you or are you not part of a plot to weaken our national defense?'
I don't think 'fan mail' fits this letter.  Read it Clark.
Oh probably just a picture request. I'll take care of it if you want Lois.
You always overreact Clark. How terrible can it be?
The President is about to speak. I don't think it's going to be good news.
Clark . . . wait!
I don't think we're being treated fairly Lois. And I'm going to tell Miss Warfield.
Au contraire mon ami! He owns all those sleazy tabloids and the Daily Planet!
That tycoon who owns all those sleazy tabloids?
Regardez.  Voila Monsieur David Warfield.
Gee guys that's swell of you. But  . . . I've got another idea.
Lex we all appreciate how you've supported us lately and . . . uh . . . in recognition of your hard work we've decided to increase your commission to 12 percent.
If my plan works gentlemen I'll just take a tiny commission . . . something . . .appropriate. . . a number with a lot of zeros after it.
And what do we get out of it?
Do people die in Italian Operas? Gentlemen if all goes to plan Nuclear Man will return from the sun with power awesome enough to do what none before him has ever been able to . . . pierce Superman's skin. He'll be mortal he'll get sick . . . and we'll dance on his grave.
And this so-called . . . Nuclear Man. . . of yours can defeat Superman?
Boys old Lex has a secret recipe in this dish . . . call it a genetic stew. You help me place it on one of your missiles and I promise you . . . if Superman throws it into the sun he'll get the biggest surprise of his life. I'll be able to introduce Superman to his first nightmare . . . a Nuclear Man!
And what am I? A Shriner? No If you'll join forces with me together we can make the world safe for war profits again.
But Superman isn't an average man.
Of course it is. Do you know what the sun is? Why it's just one huge nuclear bomb. A bomb with enough radiation to incinerate an average man like . . .  that.
Close the curtains. The sun is hurting my eyes.
Good. If you can see it and I can see it maybe some day everyone will see it.
But you can't tell where one country begins and another ends. You can't see any borders. It's just . . . one world.
Go on . . .
Well . . . I see the ocean currents. . . and the rain . . . and mountains and rivers. . . but . . .
I'll try. . .
Jeremy I need you to tell the people of the world what you see.
N-no...I mean...you bet.
Would you mind waiting for me in the visitor's gallery?
Absolutely!
Would you mind taking a walk with me?
Well I don't understand.
I'm going to pass this letter on to all the leaders of the world. I promise you. For it is they  and not I that represent the people of Earth.
But what good is a vow if everything gets blown away?  What good was my letter?
Because I made a vow. Never to interfere in the destiny of your planet.
Impossible? Why?
Don't be over-dramatic young lady. What kind of disaster could we help bring about?
No Daddy. Our business is journalism. We can't continue to be so irresponsible . . . or else we'll just lead everyone into a disaster.
Less sensational papers go broke. I thought I taught you long ago the business of newspapers is business.
I'd just like to have a little less sensationalism.
Tone down our headlines? Lacy that's all the common man reads!
Yes darling?
Daddy . . . ?
Didn't we have our little talk about personal involvement with the help? Now that you're the publisher . . .
I know Daddy. I'm worried about him.
Darling it's good riddance. Let her go. And while you're at it fire that Clark Kent. He hasn't been here in days. He hasn't even called.
Your grandfather had one iron rule that's stood me well. Never fraternize with the help. Keep too your own station. Am I clear?
Oh . . . no . . . I mean we just went  dancing . . . for  a story . . .
Clark Kent! You socialized with him . . . a . . . reporter!
Who does Clark Kent think he is anyway! He never even said good night!
Mr. White come with me I want to see
Not so fast!  All trips are canceled. We pay for wire services. And what we don't get from them we'll invent.
It always is with Clark.
He was getting on . . . and then this man with luggage and . . .  oh it's a long story.
Where's Clark?
Our other dinner guest.
What's that?
Something . . . wonderful.
What's he going to say?
Why Lois I didn't know . . . Who is he?
But he's never there.
Right . . . you want to tell him how you feel . . .
And your heart beats faster just thinking about him.
Lois have you ever fallen for a guy and he's not like other guys . . . he's different. It's like you come from two different worlds.
That's because there's nothing to figure out. Now will you please pay attention. I'm not through insulting your father.
Clark. He's late again.  I can't figure him out.
I know I'm not exactly a Girl Scout but . . . maybe if I show him I'm trying . . . he'll like me.
Daddy loves to whip up campaigns! People eat it up. We'll make this kid a celebrity. The whole world will be waiting for Superman's answer.
I think there's an angle.
Superman gets mail here?
This letter was addressed to Superman care of me.
. . . And  very nave!
But all men like me Lois. I'm very rich.
Forget it Princess. Clark is the world's oldest boy scout  Trustworthy loyal obedient helpful... and I don't remember the rest but he's them too. And I promise he's not interested in anyone like you.
I think he's kind of cute.
One hundred percent.  And I like him that way.
Is he for real?
Lucky I brought my drums.
Never. But we have to hide out for a  while. Lay low. Say. . . a couple of years. By then I'll have a new plan.
You think he'll find us.
If you need us we'll be five hundred feet underground waiting for the Nuclear winter to turn to nuclear spring.
Ready Uncle Lex?
Don't worry honey I'm sure he'll make a swell husband.
I think he has his own plan Uncle Lex.
This wasn't in the plan.
We'll all fry.
My nephew Leonard. He worships me.  Let's share a toast to you . . . a nice guy who's about to finish last.
Boy are you gonna get it.
Of course! That's his one vulnerability. The one way he can be stopped.
Good. Let's hope he stays that way.
He's . . . cold. . .
Hmm . . . Nuclear levitation. Now that's a trick that could come in handy.
Didn't you see it? He lifted me up and crashed me down.
What was that about?
You're just an experiment freako!
Hey! Just remember I made you.
He's . . .  beautiful. Perfect.
Hey! He looks . . . normal.
You're spookin' me out Uncle Lex.
Not how I might have put it but correct. The remains I sent to the sun included the creatures genetic memory. He'll remember everything that he experienced. Not to worry. He'll find his way back to me.  Did you hear that?
The one Superman wrecked up?
Oh Leonard . . . When I sent the remains of my last experiment . . .
Hey Uncle Lex how's the Nuclear Guy goin' to find his way here?
Get the box nephew.
Gee Uncle Lex I was just getting to the good part.
I must have miscalculated. How. . .
Superman broke your monster Uncle Lex.
Let's try to keep your I.Q. a family secret Leonard. Before we launch him against Superman we have to test him ... see how well he does with mayhem and destruction. Kind of a coming out party under the glare of media covering the Metro Club gala. And once he proves himself then . . .
Gee Uncle Lex I don't think this guy's much of a dancer.
He has all of Superman's powers. If I've planned it right. . .
Quiet! You'll make him self-conscious.
He missed the door Uncle Lex.
That hair contains a sample of Superman's genetic material. The building blocks of his body. With my genius and enough nuclear power to mutate those genes I will create a being with all his powers . . . but with absolute allegiance to me!
But why the hair?
. . . I look at you Lenny and I know how the Romans felt when the barbarians arrived at their city gate.
A toupee that flies?
Do you realize what I can create with a single strand of Superman's hair!
Lenny you pathetic product of the public school system. Your Uncle Lex has had only one thing on his awesome mind during his incarceration . . . Destroying Superman!
Are we going to skip the country Uncle Lex?
I am master now.
Stop! I command you . . . you mutant!
Me? Now? With Superman dead and you on my team? It's like I'm the coach and you're the best power forward ever. What could I have to fear?
What do you fear?
Nice bit. You're good. With my brain and your well frankly brawn the possibilities  are staggering. I could be . . . Emperor King! Did you see how scared those guys were?
First I have fun.
Nifty huh?  Goodnight Sweet Prince parting is . . . inevitable  Now destroy Superman.
Wait! Not yet! Back!
Destroy Superman!
I made you and I can destroy you.
I am an experiment? I am freako?
You are . . . nothing. I am father now.
What? A genius? . . . an inspiration?
You are . . .
I hadn't counted on this but . . .  . . . of course - the power of the sun has given him internally generated heat. I am a ...
For dignity. My reputation is at stake. Just put it on.
What I need this for?
No . . . it's the way it always is . . . on the brink . . . with good fighting evil.
But . . . but isn't the world about to be osterized?
High School Physics Luthor. While I was recuperating I had time to figure out that if your foul creature was born from the sun it must have been his source of energy.
But . . . how could you beat him?
Right good. Tell you what we'll wait right here. Till you get back.
I'll deal with you later.
Still having delusions Lex Luthor?
Superman. . .  But you're... dead!
A mind is a terrible thing to waste Lex Luthor. And you've wasted yours on this foul monstrosity. I'm taking you in.
Nobody wants war. I'd just like to keep the threat alive.
You'd risk worldwide nuclear war for your own personal financial gains.
Precisely. And then it came to me. My greatest ever plan. I made a deal with some minor league Bad Boys. Arms Dealers Renegades Generals You know the type. With you gone we'll make a fortune rearming the world.
Which explains why you sent his organic matter to the sun.
I'll ignore that . . . So I created a monster who didn't work nearly as well as I might have liked -- you were clearly his better  --  he needed more energy more power.
I'm not going anywhere.
No no listen. I escaped with only one thing on my mind . . . the end of Superman.
Your time in prison has twisted you into a delusionary state Luthor.
You've broken all the laws of man Luthor. And now you've broken the laws of nature! . . .  I assume you must have hidden a device in one of the missiles I hurled into the sun!
Look closely at his cell structure. See anything familiar?
Why? Because I want to be the first one to introduce you to a new kid on the block.
It's common knowledge you hate children and animals. Why are you back in Metropolis?
Know something? You're a workaholic. A good guy 24 hours a day. Stop and smell the roses sometime. Take up a hobby. Get a pet . . . a kitten or a puppy. . .
If you have any social skills you've learned them from a rattlesnake. Just what are you up to?
Silly me. How do I ever think I can fool the super guy. You're right no bomb. I just knew you were too busy with the world peace bit to make a social call.  I confess . . . I tricked you. Hey you look great!
Luthor I suspect if you had actually planted a bomb you'd be far away from here by now.
Guess who? It's your old friend Lex.
Not you.  You.  Tell me again.
Got it? Otis?
Yes Mr. Luthor. The XK101 can travel anywhere in the world undetected. It also has a sensory device built into it so that it can detect any obstacle in its path and avoid it. It just goes around it or over it.  The XK101 never quits! It will not stop until it reaches its pre-targeted target!
One of them should've been you.
Yes so well Werner would've gotten to that too but  --  --  but the XK101 flies only eight feet above the ground...well below the radar limit!  So what? We could have done that soon. We had ways to make people ta-- ways to avoid the radar. And this XK101  -- they think it's so smart that they keep it in 'missile silos' underground. Hah!  We kept many things underground.
--  thought about a rocket that carries a nuclear warhead in its nosecone and can strike with an impact of  --
It's very simple Otis.  Very simple the XK101 rocket. It's nothing forty years ago we in the Fatherland were working on this. Five more years we would've had it. But then  --  --  that silly war...Why my cousin Werner had already  --
And stop interrupting. his is the big scene.  Your finest hour! You rose to the challenge baby! And you lost. That's the best part!
But Mr. Luthor sir I already  --
We're running out of smoke.
Ah! The guest of honor at last! And about time too!
Otherwise you're a Mongoloid idiot.  It's reasonable to assume that fragments of the planet were shot out into space by the force of the explosion and  --
You're a great architect Albert.
He's thirty-five years old.
That the planet blew up on May 23 1937. That the rocket ship with the revolting little freak in it took three years to reach Earth. Ergo?
Shut up apple-polisher.
Nobody else.
Ahhhh my favorite part of the day. Who else could have thought of this aquarium?
Wonderful. Otis will go above and steal some Big Macs.
There's some slice American cheese...and...a half a bottle of club soda I think.
I take the man out of Argentina - and it was no picnic finding him y'know? And what does he think about? Bunkers. Still living in the past when I am about to realize the greatest real estate scheme in the history of the world!
You'll be designing monuments soon Albert! Hotels! Palaces!
Stop saying you know when I say 'y'know.' I know you know.  Yes I know you're here Otis. What do you want a brass band?
I know but  --
It's for that piece she's doing on women and competition. She's off to the Women's Western Golf Classic.
What's she doing in California?
She's in California. That's wild enough I guess.
Lois isn't here?
You and Lois you get all the action.  There she is out in the wild West and everything.
It was hot yes.
A hot story huh?
I've been on the job.
You'd better get a new alarm clock. The chief has been hollering for you.
Keep warm now.
North. It's north
Do you know where you're headed?
I know son I know...
He's a good man Ben is. Your father always said so.
I talked to Ben Hubbard this morning. He'll be more than glad to bring in the crops on shares.
Anyway we Kent's don't like showoffs ain't that so? A body's got to be humble even if he knows that he's better'n his neighbors.
Don't worry Mom. I know.
I know you're a good boy Clark. No mother could ask for better. It's just that...
No Mom. You know I wouldn't break my promise.
Clark...Son...that...thing you did with the Sheriff today... those...stunts...you don't do those things at school do you?
Yes but I'm the only one who knows him. I  --  I really like the guy. And he likes me.  I think. I mean I could talk to him you know? And he could talk to me.  Anytime...
You're not the only one.
Oh what a chance! If I could just  --  get to him.
It isn't that I still don't like you Clark. It's just that...well once you've had something like that happen to you it kind of changes a girl.  I'm going to make some coffee. You want some?
Super...man. Hmmm...
They will once I hang it on him in tomorrow's edition.
Is that what they're calling him?
Superman.  Pretty good name for him isn't it?
What'd you call him?
Of this...Superman.
Jealous? Of what?
You're just jealous.
I don't know Lois but I do know a fraud when I hear one. This thing goes against all natural laws.
Why would he do that? How would he know I was going to suddenly slip.
Look there was probably a trampoline on the roof somewhere and this joker just took a big bounce.
He grabbed me! He held me! He set me down gently! How could that be done with mirrors?
Mirrors then. It's done with mirrors.
There weren't any wires. I looked.
It was done with wires. They must have rigged him like they do with Peter Pan.
Clark Kent if you had only seen it the way I did you -
Oh sure. A man flies in the sky like a pigeon and it wasn't a trick.
It wasn't a trick!
You were probably so scared you didn't look to see what the trick was.
I'm telling you I was there.
Come again?
Not unless you can fly.
Can I take you to the airport?
Lois you should see what the inside of your lungs look like.
There's no real proof that tobacco  --
No. I'm just thinking that you smoke too much if you don't mind my saying so.
For what? Oh I've see the way the other half lives. My sister for instance. it looks terrific but is that what I really want? Three kids two cats and fifteen needlepoint pillows? I'd go bananas after one week. Hell I need this crazy existence of mine.  Like I need the plague right? That's what your thinking.
Don't you ever give up?
It's not what you think. Darn it. I'm going out on a story. The Secretary of Defense is landing at the airport tonight and this kid's going to be there to make sure he answers a few questions he'd rather duck.
Thanks Clark but I'm booked for the night.
Oh not really. I guess I'll just watch a little TV and --  --  unless...would you be interested in dinner?
Big night coming up?
What now my love?
I just took a shot at it.
You described the exact contents of my purse.
Supposing that man had hurt you? Is it worth risking your life over ten dollars two credit cards and a lipstick? I mean it's not as if --
You're great with the advice Clark. Maybe you'd better take over the lovelorn column.
It isn't worth getting a heart attack over Lois.
Oh for God's sake!
He may have a gun!
Stop him Clark!
What the  --  !
Not in Metropolis it isn't. This is the home of the sneak attack the stab in the back the --
Unbelievable.
See? Didn't I tell you this was a tough town?
'Swell.' When  was the last time I heard anybody say  -  where are you from  anyway?
But otherwise it's swell.
Some people aren't the athletic type.
I think I lost a week's salary at the dart board.
Well how are you enjoying your first day on the job?
Not really no.
Are there any more at home like you?
Not really no.
Not...gray.
Actually she's silver-haired.
I know. He sends a check every week to his dear gray-haired old mother.
Your bookie?
Hey you're getting a better class of people in your office these days Boss.
I'll bet you have some good ideas.
I'd like to.
Okay.  Take me to your leader.
What can I tell you? He's my leader.
Look lady you saved my life once. I owe you a favor. But I can't understand why you follow a man like that.
Sure and let the plane crash in the middle of the city.
Couldn't we forget the plane? You could lift me in your big strong arms?
I'd better get you down.
The way you describe him doesn't really do him justice.
The bald man! The one who tried to kill me?
He wants to see you. Lex Luthor.
Besides that.
What are you doing here?
Help! I mean  --  I can't stop saying it. Silly isn't it  -  There's nothing to worry about. Help! See.
You! The girl from the volcano!  Kryptonite...
You too.  I just...I can't get it on for good guys. Y'know?
Listen...thank you.
Of course I can. I love you.
You can't do this to me!
What other one?
I mean the other one!
I'm wearing it.
Good. Fine. Now where's my parachute?
Miss Teschmacher Superman is a fairly bright individual. My understanding of the way he works is that he won't be fooled by a simple trick.
Where's mine?! Where's my parachute?
Lex is going bye-bye.
Danger??  Somebody??? Lex  -- where are you going?
He always shows up when somebody's in danger.
What if he doesn't show up? What if he's taking a nap?
You got wax in your ears?
Nothing nothing. I just want to invite him to tea.
What are you going to do to him?
Not exactly. But it's his kind of neighborhood.
Oh. Why? does he live up here?
I didn't bring any  --
Your volcano chum? Your junior life-saving buddy?  Let's get high.
This all has something to do with Superman doesn't it?
Yours not to reason why Miss Teschmacher. Relax! Enjoy it!  Just look at that smog!
I don't understand.
Baby -- I'm going to take you higher.
A night on the town instead of under it?
She knows. Clever very clever.  And unappreciated. But I'm going to take you away from all this.
You've been under such a strain. And I've ...I've --  -- neglected you. Mea culpa! Y'know.
I knew you'd hit me.
Hit you? A clever girl like you?  'He turned slowly slowly in the lava...' was how you described it. Now that's clever.  I have to hand it to you.
You're not going to hit me?
Something you can feed the pets perhaps?  Let's have it.
There was a recipe on the back  --
No news is not good news. Y'know
You have two minutes and thirty- two seconds.
You?! How about me?
Don't let me down.
But if I put my leg out like Claudette Clobert in  --
They stop for nothing.
Is that an innuendo Miss Teschmacher? Because if it is you are about to experience the heady thrill of being hurled from a moving vehicle.
You ever try to run in high heels?  You probably did.
Weak sister.  I still can't figure out why it took so long for you to catch up with us after we all ran out. Y'know?
I don't like to talk about it Lex.
About Vesuvius. About Superman writhing in the bowels of the volcano.  Ahh the look on his face when he saw that Kryptonite. When will I see another y'know? Y'know?
The least we can do is leave him another door jam.
What do you suggest my dear?
We just take it?
The door jam Miss Teschmacher. This Ethiopian shmendrick here in his simple unconscious way needed something to wedge the door open the better to inhale the flies that form such an  important part of his diet. So he grabs something from the table...
You're not going to tell us why you're happy are you?
La de da da...
You're happy aren't you?
I will as soon as I get the sand out of my nose.
Breathe that air Miss Teschmacher.
No you're going to get kissed
I know I'm going to get rapped in the mouth for saying this but so what?
Tune me in  lady. An explosion such as the one Superman describes would have altered the molecular structure of the Krypton rock.
I don't mean to denigrate your misspent youth Lex but what does that rock have to do with --
Meteorites!
Deductive reasoning my friends! That's the name of the game. What does it say here?
Mr. Romance...
Stay and listen!  Besides it's twelve in the afternoon. This is no time to go to bed.
I'm going to bed.
See? I see. It's you who don't see. Doesn't see. I cannot believe it! How you people fail to grasp the long-range significance of this! Y'know?
Exactly Miss Teschmacher.
I read the article.
Some people can read 'War and Peace' and come away thinking it was a simple adventure story. Other people can read the ingredients on a chewing gum wrapper and come away with the secret of the universe.  Y'know.
Krypton? The place where Superman comes from?
When it gets to seventy-five below stabilize it.
Fifty degrees below and still falling.
What's the temperature now?
Place your bets ladies and gentlemen.
Damn!  This will get him.
I didn't say a word.
Bet he makes it.
Tough guy huh?
Nuts. He made it.
He's from another world.
You think he's for real?
I needed this Y'know? I really needed this. just when I'm nearing the fruition of my project Big Bird flies into town.  Go ahead! Kill me by inches! Put me on the agony rack!
First the pets Otis.
What about dinner? I have to worry about the crime of the century that's all. Y'know? Am I supposed to worry about what's in the refrigerator too?  What's in it?
Speaking of feeding things what about dinner?
Even that would be an improvement.
You'll be seeing stars in a minute Miss Teschmacher. y'know?
Streets Sunlight. When was the last time I saw sunlight.
Criers and complainers! That's what I get! Moaners and groaners! Me Lex Luthor who figured out how to live in luxury without ever paying one cent in taxes. Lex Luthor who built this fantastic kingdom under the sea so to speak hidden and undetected by the fools who eke out their miserable lives on the streets above.
So I've noticed.
Compared to what came before? A year of living in the sewers?  A part of that will always be with me.
I know that. Bu tin this case he was right. Arnold 'Buster' Luthor the most inept check forger of his time --  A pity he didn't live to see his son strike out for the big city. A pity he didn't live to see how from humble beginnings I created an empire.
Your father was a sick weirdo.
Why does it all mean so much to you? All the time 'land land land.'
So it's six hundred feet below Park Avenue It's still a Park Avenue address.
It isn't a Park Avenue address. really.
Me and my real estate? How  many other girls Miss Teschmacher are lucky enough to have a Park Avenue address like this?
You and your real estate.
Neither my wife nor I will attempt to leave Krypton.
Will you abide by the Council's opinion?
If you persist you leave us no choice.
As an irredeemable criminal? You compare me to them?
And if I don't obey?
This discussion is terminated. The decision of the council is final.  You will cease pursuing this matter. Any attempt by you to continue to create a climate of fear and panic among the populace will be deemed an act of insurrection!
I have sworn to uphold the laws of Krypton.
But so is Vond-El
You are one of Krypton's greatest scientists Jor-El -
Jor-El Be warned. This tone of yours approaches insolence.
But you can't ignore these facts!  It's suicide!  Worse than that it's genocide.
On the salary he pays me I can't make my rent without it.
Need I ask who's favored to collect at the end of this week.
It's because I'm an intrepid girl reporter Jimmy.  Besides the chief of detectives has the hots for me.
How come you get all the good stories Lois?
Gets you where you live huh?
'And the people on the street the little man who runs the corner newsstand the old lady sunning herself on the stoop the kids playing stick ball -- none of them will ever forget the night of senseless bloodletting that turned a friendly block part into a nightmare.' 
What're you writing Lois?
I bless the day you came to us son. You know that. But some people wouldn't understand.
What your mother means Clark is that she don't want folks to think you're special.
Oh dear. That isn't what I --
Don't brag now  Jonathan.
Got all A's this year. Teacher said he's the best 5th grader in the -
We don't want a child called 'Junior' ain't that so Clark? Why sure it is.
Who? Clark? I never cared two hoots for that fella.  Jonathan Jr. That's got a ring to it.
I was thinkin' what to call him. I was thinkin' I had an uncle who was a fine man you recall him? The Church Sexton
Guess I'd better hitch up the rig and come back to get that...that thing he was settin' in. What do you make of that thing? Martha? You listening?
We'll say he's a child to my cousin in North Dakota and just now orphaned.  Poor thing.
Folks'll ask question.
All these years happy as we've been how I prayed and prayed He'd see fit to give us a child. And just when I finally accepted my bitter lot...  No one must ever know.
He sure as heck does that.
The good lord works in mysterious ways.
Well - gotta change that tire if were gonna get home.
Don't just stand there gapin' Jonathan. Can't you see he's cold?
What's your name boy?
It's a ...baby.
Then you have on of those 'feelings.' It was called: 'love.'
I want to know what my child is going to face.
You've been doing some research in the archives.
He will be odd different.
Yes true. But on other worlds there would be other problems - heat cold no life no life support systems...No Lara believe me; Earth is the least of evils. On Earth his lighter gravity will render him almost weightless - that can't be helped. But with his denser molecular structure he will also be strong.  He will be fast He will be virtually invulnerable.
He'll be weightless.
Their atmosphere will sustain him. He will look like one of them.
A million years behind us.  Jor-El he's only a baby.
They are primitive Lara but they are not animals.
But why Earth Jor-El. They're practically animals.
Lara please...
-- as we will be.
It's the only logical conclusion. If he remains here he'll be as dead as...
And it is forbidden for you to interfere with human history. All you can do Kal-El even now that you have...found yourself...is help them to evolve. Set an example. Show them they must strive towards the light. And... remember us...
There are none of them any good anyway.
Or twenty-four as it is in Earth time. Furthermore if you will reveal yourself your enemies will have a way of getting at you where you are vulnerable: by hurting the people you care for.  Ah this Earth...this world you live in Kal-El...  Resist its temptations its rewards especially its political system.
Twenty-four.
....to feel yourself. Very well. You are revealed to the world. But still you must keep your secret identity. First of all you will need it as an escape valve. You cannot be special twenty-eight hours a day -
How good it felt -
How good it felt!
No! You couldn't imagine -
My son I foresaw this. I knew -
I guess I got carried away
Enjoyed it?
I don't know what to say.  Look I -- I just -
Whoever comes up with that will make Woodward and Bernstein look like Abbot and Costello.
He is. Usually.
If one of you can get that  -- I mean I want the real Superman. Who is he? Where's he from? What's his favorite ball team? What's up?
I was going to say that there's only one 'p' in subpoena. What the hell did you major in at Radcliffe? Middle English?  Nice job on the teamster's update Kent.
Nine to five it's a Pulitzer Prize I know.
Lois the kickback story...
Okay but...why?  No offense.
Lois take Kent there and introduce him around
It does huh?  Clark Kent I'd like you to meet Lois Lane.
Here's the story on that East 19th Street murder spree. Page one with a banner headline seems about right to me.
Well I was born on a planet your scientists don't know too much about. It's in the Xeno Galaxy. Or it was. It was called Krypton. That's K-R-Y-P...
Where do you hail from?
Do you like pink?
Can you actually fly faster than the speed of sound?
What color underwear am I wearing?
Only when somebody shoots them at me.
Do bullets really bounce off you?
Yes. Although I can get a headache just like anyone.
Is it true you're impervious to pain?
Can you really see through anything?
What about it?
What about this X-Ray vision of yours?
195 pounds.
How much do you weigh?
Thirty-five.
How old are you?
It's not bad.
It must feel great.
The reason I can fly is because my molecular structure is so constituted that I have a lighter density under Earth's gravitational force.
I wouldn't do that. It's against the law.
Well I mean it's not everybody that can deliver an air mail letter without putting a stamp on it.
I guess they are a little odd.
I didn't mean that in any pejorative way.
You think they're strange?
Okay. Let's start with these strange powers of yours.
Ask You're the girl reporter.
Oh.  Well where do we start?
I'd appreciate it if you didn't smoke.
Oh I've got to get some matches.  My cigarette.
Not exactly. He's kind of a rewrite man. Actually he's a bit dull if you know what I mean.
Who's Clark? One of your colleagues?
If I do you can punish  me. Fly me to Bermuda and just lave me there for two weeks.  This is fantastic! I wish Clark were here.
I think you'll be able to remember it. I doubt you'll misquote me.
Well...flashlight?
Unlisted number Shall we proceed?
This is incredible. I was just sitting here trying to figure out how to contact you. I mean you don't have an answering service right?
There's been a lot of confusion in the media about who I am and what I'm up to and all that. I'd like to set the record straight. With your help.
The answer is yes. Now what's the question?
I came to talk to you.
Wha'...what are you doing here?
Right on the first guess.
Superman???
Not a chance. It's too nice a night.
With my luck now it'll rain.
Let's just say I'm a friend.  And watch yourself from now on with those things Okay?  I mean if the good lord wanted people to fly he would have given them wings.
Who...who...
Not while I'm around you're not. C'mon...
Oh God! I'm going to die!
Do as I say. Let go!
You've got me? Who's got you???
Easy now miss I've got you???
Good enough for you. Now then --  --  tell me something I like to hear. As many times as I hear it...
Ah dear simple Otis. Albert explain it to him.
I still don't get it.
Oh Mr. Luthor...
Cleaning a rock Otis?  Jot it down. As soon as we're back he feeds the pets.
Maybe it's being polished or something. Maybe they're cleaning it.
They're killing me by inches!  Go ahead! Make me suffer! Milk me dry.
It's a Twinkie boss.
Well gents? What did I tell you? It's a piece of cake.
Will kill him! And I'm going to have a piece of the rock! Miss Teschmacher pack your --
You mean bullets and fire and all that can't hurt him but this kind of rock --
But to someone from the planet Krypton this substance would be lethal because of its high level of radioactivity. Kryptonite! Ah Kryptonite! That's the stuff!
Y'know? I'm sure of it. Y'know? And there's a strong streak of goody- goody in him that is going to blow this deal for me if I don't do something about it.  Something!
It is for me.
Is that real enough for you?
I guess I...uh...regressed.
And now he lies to me. He has been stealing ladies' purses again.  Haven't you? Haven't you you miserable petty crook?
I...uh...check.
I gave him this new face.
I'll never forget you for that Mr. Luthor.
I gave him steady employment --
I'll always be grateful Mr. Luthor.
I broke the man out of prison --
Otis were you up to your old tricks?
Matter? With me? Nothing's the matter.
What's the matter Otis?
Excellent Otis.  But what took you so long?
Did I do good Mr. Luthor?
Not there!  A pine tree in Death Valley? Idiot! This is for the North Woods section!
Yessir. Just what you wanted.
Now then Otis. Did you get what I asked for?
No speeches Otis. Just watch what Albert has prepared.  What are you waiting for?
We'll see how fast I can fly.
Now who's the dreamer Superman? Even you can't fly that fast!
For the first time today Superman I must tell you that you're wrong.  But how could you know that -  Oh well. I guess I could tell you now. Y'see actually...but this conversation is becoming rather dry isn't it.
Well it's very impressive but you built this junk for nothing.
In a way  -- oh it'll be a relief. I'm a wreck. No rest for the wicked y'know. It wasn't enough the radio frequencies then I had to worry about getting to the missile and adjusting the aiming. So that if I could have activated the launch  -- well Lex Luthor would've hit the spot.  There's a little place on Route 190. Dead on the practice optimum stress point of the San Andreas Fault. It wouldn't mean much to you Superman but I call it...target zero.  Pancho's Taco Palace...
They'll soon be over.
Well that's their problem T.S. But  --  but the XK 101 also works on a radio wave control system. The problem was to find out the frequency. Problems problems I've had so many...
You guessed it!  You're always one step ahead of me.  Aren't you Superman?  Yes right. There was a police helicopter buzzing the area and transmitting on the same frequency as the garage doors. The minute the signal went out --  Zip!  Zip!  Zip!
And garbage doors.
On radio waves?
Still foolishly perhaps I had a theory that eliminates the Presidential push-button.  I was doing my homework...
I know. I know.  I never promised myself a rose garden.
The XK 101. Luthor that operates on radio waves. And with our fail-safe system only the President himself can push that button.
You're right you're right Superman. There were wrinkles to iron out. But well...  ...there is this new rocket the XK 101.
It wouldn't hurt. You can't go on living in fantasies. Did you really think you could get hold of a nuclear bomb? And drop it?  Why our Strategic Defense boys would have  --
Maybe I should get help.
It would never have worked Luthor. You are a dreamer  --  a sick twisted dreamer.
--  Dropped into the sea!  Bye-bye California! Hello new West Coast! Gold Coast! My Coast.  And now...well...  I left my heart in San Francisco...
Nice! Most of California would have been destroyed. Millions of people would've been killed! The West Coast as we know it would have  --
Couldn't have said it better myself.  Now all this  --  --  west of the Fault is the most expensive real estate in the world. Los Angeles. San Diego. San Francisco. And here  --  --  is just hundreds and hundreds of miles of cheap desert land. Land that happens to be owned by Lex Luthor Enterprises. Well...  ...call me a fool but ...it did occur to me that if a conventional five hundred megaton bomb were to explode at exactly the proper stress point --  --  that would trigger the upheaval that would cause the San Andreas Fault to 'do its thing.'  Ah it would've been so nice y'know...
Sure. It's the joining together of two land masses pushed together eight million years ago. The fault line itself is unstable and always shifting which is the reason you get earthquakes in the California area from time to time.
At the San Andreas Fault. Maybe you've heard of it.
Right right. Where was I? Ah yes --
Of time Luthor.
It's just that  --  I spent a fortune on these things!  And all for naught! What a waste  --
No Superman of course not. You do get around don't you.
I don't need a geography lesson Luthor.
This is California. The richest most populous state in America. And growing like a sonofagun.
Oh that. Listen  --  you're busy  --  and it's a long story --
Plenty! About 'The Crime of the Century' Remember?
Well  --  you've got me! What can I say?
Makes Cecil B. DeMille look like the Senior Class play right?
What is this??!
That's right!  There's no way I'm going to finish the new processor now.  Forget it.  I'm out of it.  I'm quitting Cyberdyne tomorrow... I'll sell real estate I don't care
But I thought... aren't we changing things?  I mean... right now?  Changing the way it goes?
Why did you marry me Miles?  Why did we have these two children?  You don't need us.  Your heart and your mind are in here.  But it doesn't love you like we do.
Imagine a jetline with a pilot that never makes a mistake never gets tired never shows up to work with a hangover.  Meet the pilot.
I'm sorry honey it's just that I'm thiiis close.
I know.  You told me.  It's a neural-net processor.  It thinks and learns like we do. It's superconducting at room temperature. Other computer are pocket calculators by comparison.  But why is that so goddamn important Miles? I really need to know 'cause I feel like I'm going crazy here sometimes.
Baby this thing is going to blow 'em all away. It's a neural-net process --
Oh.  I can't honey.  I'm on a roll here.
Miles it's Sunday.  You promised to take the kids to Raging Waters today.
You need a break.  You'll see it clear when you come back.
... but the output went to shit after three seconds.  I'm thinking now it's the way I'm matrixing the command hierarchies...
I'm sorry baby.  This thing is just kicking my ass.  I thought we had it with this one...
You going to work all day?
NO!! We're going all the way!  You got that Dyson?
We should abort.
I was scary stuff radically advanced.  It was shattered... didn't work.  But it gave us ideas It took us in new directions... things we would never have thought of.  All this work is based on it.
Those lying motherfuckers!
They told us not to ask where they got it.  I thought... Japan... hell I don't know.  I didn't want to know.
They have it in a vault at Cyberdyne...  It's gotta be from the other one like you.
Do you know about the chip?
Shut up!  SHUT UP!!  Motherfucker!  It's all your fault!  IT'S YOUR FAULT!!
Please... let... the kids... go...
Let me try mine.
Alright yeah.  You're right.  We have to destroy the stuff at the lab the files disk drive... and everything I have here.  Everything! I don't care.
No one must follow your work.
Look whatever you want me to do I'll do.  I just want my kids to have a chance to grow up okay?
Now listen to me very carefully.
In the bathroom.  Danny can you get them for us?
Do you have bandages?
I order you not to!
It must end here... or I am the future.
Don't do it.  Please... don't go --
I have to go away John.
No no no!!  It'll be okay.  Stay with us!
I'm sorry John.
Yes.  Throw it in.
Will it melt in there?
Terminated.
Is it dead?
We don't have much time.
Where you going?!
Drive for a minute.
Remember what I said you can't...
I'll deal with the police.
I don't care!! There's gotta be another way. Haven't you learned anything?!  Haven't you figured out why you can't kill people?
Killing Dyson might actually prevent the war.
I don't care.  We've gotta stop her.
The T-1000 has the same files that I do.  It could anticipate this move and reacquire you at Dyson's house.
Drive faster.
This is tactically dangerous.
Yeah gotta be!  Miles Dyson!  She's gonna blow him away!
I guess yeah --  Oh shit!!
She intends to change the future somehow.
No problemo.
Alriight!!  My man!
Uh-unh no it's different... It's when there's nothing wrong with you but you hurt anyway.  You get it?
Pain causes it?
You mean people?  I don't know.  We just cry. You know.  When it hurts.
Why do you cry?
Yeah.  I guess so.  My mom says when I'm like 45 I think I send him back through time to 1984.  But right now he hasn't even been born yet.  Man is messes with your head.  Where's that other bolt?  Thanks.  Mom and him were only together for one night but she still loves him I guess.  I see her crying sometimes.  She denies it totally of course.  Like she says she got something in her eye.
Here.  I wish I coulda met my real dad.
Torque wrench please.
No.  I have to stay functional until my mission is complete.  Then it doesn't matter.
You don't feel any emotion about it one way or the other?
Not even of dying?
Yeah I thought you'd like this place.
It is in your nature to destroy yourselves.
We're not gonna make it are we?  People I mean.
Yeah.  Smile.  You know.  People smile right? Watch.
And that's another thing.  You could lighten up a bit yourself.  This severe routine is getting old.  Smile once in a while.
No problemo.
That's great!  See you're getting it.
Chill out dickwad.
Affirmative.
A hundred and twenty years on my existing power cell.
How long do you live?  I mean last?
I sense injuries.  The data could be called pain.
Does it hurt?
Everything.
Now remember you're not gonna kill anyone right?
You just can't okay?  Trust me on this.
Whattaya mean why?  'Cause you can't!
Listen to me very carefully okay?  You're not a terminator any more.  Alright?  You got that? You can't just go around killing people!
Of course.  I'm a terminator.
Jesus... you were gonna kill that guy!
Prove it... stand on one foot.
That is one of my mission parameters.
You have to do what I say?!
You told me to.
Oww!  Why'd you do that?
Yeah well fuck you she's a priority to me!
Negative.  She is not a mission priority.
TERMINATED!?  Shit!  Why didn't you tell me? We gotta right now!
Typically the subject being copied is terminated.
Oh great.  And what happens to her?
Negative.  The T-1000's highest probability for success now would be to copy Sarah Connor and wait for you to make contact with her.
We spent a lot of time in Nicaragua... places like that.  For a while she was with this crazy ex-Green Beret guy running guns.  Then there were some other guys.  She'd shack up with anybody she could learn from.  So then she could teach me how to be this great military leader.  Then she gets busted and it's like... sorry kid your mom's a psycho.  Didn't you know?  It's like... everything I'd been brought up to believe was just made-up fantasy right? I hated her for that.  But everything she said was true.  We gotta get her out of there.
It can't form complex machines.  Guns and explosives have chemicals moving parts.  It doesn't work that way.  But it can form solid metal shapes.
Well why doesn't become a bomb or something to get me?
No.  Only an object of equal size.
Like it could disguise itself as anything... a pack of cigarettes?
Anything it samples by physical contact.
I need a minute here okay?  You're telling me it can imitate anything it touches?
I'm right here.  I'm fine.  What's the dog's name?
Negative.  The T-1000 will definitely try to reacquire you there.
Can I stop by my house?
We have to leave the city immediately.  And avoid the authorities.
Where we going?
You are targeted for termination.  The T-1000 will not stop until it complete its mission. Ever.
Liquid metal.
What does that mean?
Not like me.  A T-1000.  Advanced prototype. A mimetic polyalloy.
So this other guy?  He's a terminator too right like you?
You did.  Thirty years from now you reprogrammed me to be your protector here in this time.
Yeah?  Who sent you?
My mission is to protect you.
This in intense.  Get a grip John.  Okay uh... you're not here to kill me... I figured that part out for myself.  So what's the deal?
I'm a cybernetic organism.  Living tissue over a metal endoskeleton.
Holy shit... you're really real!  I mean... whoah!  You're uh... like a machine underneath right... but sort of alive outside?
Yes.  Cyberdyne Systems Model 101.
Now don't take this the wrong way but you are a terminator right?
Yeah she's a total loser.  C'mon let's check out the 7-Eleven whatya say?
Actually no she's a complete psycho.  That's why she's up at Pescedero.  She tries to blow up a computer factory but she got shot and arrested.
So she's pretty cool huh?
Where'd you learn all this stuff?
Easy money!
Gimme that Phillips right there.
Your foster parents are kinda dicks right?
John get out of the way!!
Ready to rock?
Go!  I'll finish here.
I got it.  Piece of cake.
Mom Mom we need to be more constructive here. I don't see this as a gender-related issue.  She's still tense.  We still have to figure out how to stop it all from happening.  Right?
Yeah.  Right.  How were you supposed to know? Fucking men... all you know how to do is thrust into the world with your... fucking ideas and your weapons.  Did you know that every gun in the world is named after a man?  Colt Browning Smith Thompson Kalashnikov... all men.  Men built the hydrogen bomb not women... men like you thought it up.  You're so creative.  You don't know what it's like to really create something... to create a life.  To feel it growing inside you.  All you know how to create is death... you fucking bastards.
I know Mom.  I know.
I love you John.  I always have.
It's okay.  It'll by okay.  We'll figure it out.
I couldn't... oh God.  You... came here... to stop me?
Mom?  You okay?
I need to know how Skynet get built.  Who's responsible?
Yeah.  Drag huh?
Look Mom if I'm supposed to ever be this great leader you should start listening to my leadership ideas once in a while.  'Cause if you won't nobody else will.
I don't trust it!  These things are hard to kill John believe me I know.  We may never have this opportunity again.
But it's the only proof we have to the future... about the war and all that.
We're better off by ourselves.
Alright it!  We need it!
It John.  Not him.  It.
No!  Don't kill him!
Out of the way John!
There's not much time left in the world Sarah.
Kyle don't go!
Remember the message... the future is not set. There is not fate but what we make for ourselves.
I know but I'm not as strong as I'm supposed to be.  I can't do it.  I'm screwing up the mission.
Don't quit Sarah.  Our son need you.
It's John who's the target now.  You have to protect him.  He's wide open.
They took him from me.
Oh God... Kyle.  I need you so much.
I love you.  I always will.
Oh.  Yeah.  They... make me take this stuff...
I know.  This is a dream Sarah.
Open the goddamn door!
You're already dead Silberman.  Everybody here dies.  You know I believe that.  So don't fuck with me!
There's 215 bones in the human body motherfucker. That's one.  Now don't move!
You broke my arm!
You see Sarah... here's the problem.  I know how smart you are and I think you're just telling me what I want to hear.  I don't think you really believe who you've been telling me today.
So what do you think Doctor?  I've shown a lot of improvement haven't I?
I see.  So you don't believe anymore that the company covered it up?
If I had there would have been some evidence. They would have found something at the factory.
But you've told me on many occasions about how you crushed one in a hydraulic press.
I see.  Let's go back to what you were saying about these terminator machines.  Now you think they don't exist?
You said I could be transferred to the minimum security wing and have visitors if I showed improvement in six months.  Well it's been six months and I was looking forward to seeing my son.
And what it that?
It has helped me a lot to have a goal something to look forward to.
Are you afraid?
No.  There is another chip.
It's finally over.
Take your kids.  Go to a hotel.  Right now. Don't pack.  Let's go.
Is it safe for them here?
Can you get us in there past security?
I must be destroyed.
Son of a bitch I knew it!
The CPU from the first terminator.
I want to know everything.  What he looks like. Where he lives.  Everything.
I have detailed files.
Jesus.  How much do you know about Dyson?
Because Skynet knows the Russian counter-strike will remove its enemies here.
Why attack Russia?
Yes.  It launches its ICBMs against their targets in Russia.
And Skynet fights back.
Basically.  The Skynet funding bill is passed.  The system goes on-line August 4th 1997.  Human decisions are removed from strategic defense.  Skynet begins to learn at a geometric rate.  It becomes self-aware at 2:14 a.m. eastern time August 29. In a panic they try to pull the plug.
Uh huh great.  Then those fat fucks in Washington figure what the hell let a computer run the whole show right?
In three years Cyberdyne will become the largest supplier of military computer systems.  All stealth bombers are upgraded with Cyberdyne computers becoming fully unmanned  Afterward the fly with a perfect operational record.
In a few months he creates a revolutionary type of mircoprocessor.
The man most directly responsible is Miles Bennet Dyson Director of Special Projects at Cyberdyne Systems Corporation.
Doesn't want you thinking too much huh?
I'll bet. Makes you a more efficient killer right?
You look like handmade shit.
Can it be destroyed?
Ballistic penetration shocks it but only for a few seconds.
This T-1000... what happens when you shoot it?
You think you're alive and safe but you're already dead.  Everybody you him...  everybody... you're all fucking dead!
Relax now Sarah --
On August 29th 1997 it's going to feel pretty fucking real to you too!  Anybody not wearing number two million sunblock in gonna have a real bad day get it?
I'm sure it feels very real to you --
It's not just a dream.  It's real you moron! I know the date is happens!!
Please continue...
... it's... like a giant strobe light burning right through my eyes... but somehow I can still see.  Look you know the dream's the same every night why do I have to --
I won't let the fat kid down.
Here you go.  You're a Bob's Girl now.  Nancy will check you out.
It's not brain surgery Chuck.
Can you handle it?
Mmm.  Same schedule's okay.
Thanks Chuck.  I need the money.  Can I still work the hours around my classes?
The pay's the same but you'll make more in tips.
I don't know.  I kinda had my heart set on being a cashier the rest of my life.
Not really.  Do you think you can get here on time if I put you on the floor as a waitress?
Aren't I worth waiting for?
You're late.
Mission control to Chuck come in...
Come to the office please.
You can't to that...
Any one of them's ideal for home defense. Which'll it be?
You know your weapons buddy.
The Uzi 9 millimeter.
Just what you see pal.
A phased plasma pulse-laser in the forty watt range...
Anything else?
We will kiddo.
I'm going to a movie kiddo. See ya'.  You and Matt have a good time.
That bum.  So what if he has a Porsche he can't treat you like that...it's Friday night for crissakes.
I thought you did.
Not lately.  Did you check messages?
Don't wear the beige one.
I hate the beige one.
Alright the beige one.
You're a big help.
What do you think?
I'll do the same for you sometime.
That guy's a jerk.  I did you a favor.
I had him hooked.  He was just about to ask me out. I could tell.
What's it to ya?
Compared to me she is.  How come you're not at the cash anymore?  They catch ya steal- ing?
Aha!  Is she young?
That's none of your business.
You must have a girlfriend.
What's it to ya?
I haven't seen you in here lately Mr. Miller.
Cover...our footsteps...
What are you doing?
We did it Kyle.  We got it.
You're not supposed to.
I don't think I like this.
You'll beg for mercy in a second.
What are you doing?
I bet you're ticklish.
I'm sorry.  I shouldn't have said...
It's better that way.
And so you feel nothing.
Pain can be controlled. You disconnect it.
So much pain.
No.  Never.
A girl.  You know.
That's not what I meant. Was there someone special?
Good fighters.
Kyle the women in your time...what were they like?
No.  I'm not.
It'll never be over will it? Look at me I'm shaking. Some legend huh?  You must be pretty disappointed.
If I do you have to get away disappear without a trace. Different country different name everything.  In case they send another one.
Don't say that.
Probably.  Sarah if I get zeroed...
He'll find us won't he?
I want it to be over for me too. I feel like I slipped over some invisible line that I'm in your world now.  Everything's the same but I see it differently. It's like there's you and me and him...but nobody else can understand or help or even touch us.
Not possible.
I want it to be over for you.
My whole life has been combat.
I want to buy you a hot dog so badKyle...all the things you've never seen and done.  You're here but wherever you go and whatever you touch you bring the war with you.
I was thinking there's so much I've got to show you when we get through this. It's mind boggling the pos- sibilities...Disneyland the beach movies...matinees with popcorn and foot-long hot dogs...
That's good.  Now seven more like that while I make fuses.
You must have had a fun child-
Make sure there's none on the threads like this.  Now screw the end-cap on...very gently.
Nitroglycerin basically. Bit more stable.  I learned howto make it when I was a kid.
What's that?
Later.  I'm going out for materiel.  Keep this.
I'm dying for a shower.  You could use one too.  And we'd better check that bandage.
Yes.  And I don't want to know where you got it.
Is this enough?
I'm wrong here.  I wasn't meant to see this...
Fuck you!  Let go of me!
Let's go.  Time to move out.
Listen.  Understand.  I'm not a military objective Reese.  I'm a person... You don't own me.
That's not my mission.
Reese.  Think it through. We can prevent the war. Nobody else is gonna do it. If we go to anybody official we wind up back in jail and then that walking cuisinart has got us again.  We have to so it ourselves.
Tactically dangerous.  We lay low.
Well we're gonna uninvent the bastard.  Eighty-six it.  We'll blow up the place...burn it down.  Something.
That's the way it was told to me.
Whatever...they become the hotshot computer guys so they get the job to build El Computer Grande...Skynet...for the government.  Right?
Molecular-memory.
Didn't you say that they're going to develop this revolutionary new thing...
What about it?
Look.  I found it.  Isn't that it?  Cyber Dynamics Corporation?
That's where we're going.
What's that?
Thanks a lot.
Let's get cleaned up Kyle.
Bag some Z's?
About where you're from.
About what?
Okay.  Talk some more.
Sleep.  It'll be light soon.
You like it?  It's my first.
Good field-dressing.
Look Reese I didn't ask for this honor and I don't want it. Any of it.
You'll learn.
And anyway what do I know about guerrilla warfare?
Ow!  No it's okay.  It's better tight.
Come on me? The mother of the future?  Am I tough? Organized?  I can't even balance my checkbook.  I cry when I see a cat that's been run over... and I don't even like cats.
It was an honor.  A chance to meet the legend.  Sarah Connor.  Who taught her son to fight...organize prepare. From when he was a kid.  When you were in hiding before the war.
You volunteered?
I volunteered.
Stop!  I don't want to know. Hold still.  So...it was John that ordered you here?
John never said much about him.  He dies.  Even before the war...
Well at least I know what to name him.  I don't suppose you'd know who the father is? So I don't tell him to get lost when I meet him.
You trust him.  He's got that strength.  You'd die in a second for John.
What's he like?
Just talk.  Tell me about my son.  Is he tall?
This is gonna make me puke. Talk about something.
Forget it?  Are you crazy? Let me see it.
It's okay.  Forget it.
We gotta get you to a doctor.
Caught one?  You mean you got shot?
I caught one back there.
White light.  Pain.  Like being ripped inside out... slowly.  Like being born maybe.
Kyle what's it like when you go through time?
Reese...you got a first name?
Hunter Killers.  Patrol machines. Build in automated factories. Most of us were rounded up put in camps...for orderly disposal.
Didn't see the war.  I was born after in the ruins.  Grew up there.  Starving.  Hiding from the H-K's.
Defense network computer. New. Powerful.  Hooked into everything. Trusted to run it all.  They say it got smart...a new order of intelli- gence.  Then it saw all people as a threat not just the ones on the other side.  Decided out fate in a microsecond...extermination.
I don't understand...
--everythingis gone.  Just gone.  There were survivors. Here.  There.  Nobody knew who started it.  It was the machines.
Tell me.  Just start at the beginning.
There's so much...
Listen.  Understand.  That Terminator is out there.  It can't be reasoned with it can't be bargained with...it doesn't feel pity of remorse or fear... and it absolutely will not stop. Ever.  Until you are dead.
Just let me go.
And you're from the future too?
One possible future.  Four your point of view.  I don't know the tech stuff.
So it's from the future is that right?
No.  Not yet.  Not for about forty years.
Hey I'm not stupid y'know. They can't build anything like that yet.
Pay attention.  The 600 series had rubber skin. We spotted them easy.  But these are new.  They look human.  Sweat bad breath everything.  Very hard to spot.  I had to wait 'til he moved on you before I could zero him.
Look Reese I know you want to help but...
But outside it's living human tissue.  Flesh skin hair...blood.  Grown for the cyborgs.
No. But you will.  It's very important that you live.
This is a mistake.  I haven't done anything.
I'm here to help you.  Reese Sergeant/Tech-Com DN38416...
Yes.  Don't hurt me.
Do you understand?
Who is in authority here?
I can help you...
Then why am I talking to you? Get out.
I'm afraid that's not up to me.
You've heard enough.  Decide. Are you going to release me?
Most official records were lost in the war.  The computer knew almost nothing about Connor's mother.  Her name. Where she lived just the city. No scanner pictures.  The Terminator was just being systematic.
Why were the other two women killed?
Surrounded by living tissue.
Okay.  Okay.  But this...  cyborg...if it's metal...
I didn't build the fucking thing.
You go naked.  Something about the field generated by a living organism.  Nothing dead will go.
Can't.  Nobody goes home. Nobody else comes through. It's just him and me.
Then how are you supposed to get back?
...it had no choice. The defensive grid was smashed. We'd taken the mainframes... We'd won.  Taking out Connor then would make no difference.  Skynet had to wipe out his entire exist- ence.  We captured the lab complex.  Found the...what- ever it was called...the time-displacement equipment. The Terminator had already gone through.  They sent two of us to intercept then zeroed the whole place. Sumner didn't make it.
I see.  And this...computer thinks it can win by killing the mother of its enemy kill- ing him in effect before he is even conceived?  A sort of retroactive abortion?
SKYNET.  A computer defense system built for SAC-NORAD by Cyber Dynamics.  A modified Series 4800.
And who was the enemy?
The year 2027?
With the One Thirty Second under Perry from '21 to '27--
So.  You're a soldier. Fighting for whom?
Go ahead.  You're safe.  There're thirty cops in this building.
I can't sleep.
Why don't you just stretch out here and get some sleep.  It'll take your mom a good hour to get here from Redlands.
I guess so.  You're a doctor?
Sarah.  Sarah this is Dr. Silber- man.  I'd like you to tell him everything Reese said to you.  Do you feel up to it?
They've already been identi- fied.  There's no doubt.
Lieutenant are you sure it's them?  Maybe I should see the ...bodies.
Here drink some of this...
Alright Ms. Connor.  Listen carefully.  You're in a public place you'll be safe 'til we get there.  Stay visible. Don't go outside or in the restroom.  I'll be there in a few minutes.
Yes but I don't want to leave.  I think this guy's following me.
I won't.  Now just relax. Where are you?  Yeah I know it...on Pico. Are you alright?
...look Lieutenant...uh Vukovich don't put me on hold and don't transfer me to another department...
That Silberman just crack me up.  He had this guy in here last week who set his Afghan on fire. Screwed it first then set it on--
Suspect westbound on Olympic.  Grey sedan.  Has hostage repeat...
Go!  Go!  He's got her.
Like shit boss.
If they can get this on the tube by eleven she may just call us.  How do I look?
To make a statement. I'm gonna give them the name.  Maybe the jackals can help us out for once.
I hate the press cases. Especially the weird press cases.  Where you going?
I can hear it now it's gonna be the goddamned 'Phone Book Killer'.
Call her again.
I just called.
I already did.  No answer at the door and the apartment manager's out.  I'm keeping them there.
Send a unit.
No.  Keep getting an answer- ing machine.
Did you reach the next girl yet?
I put a cigarette out in it.
That stuff's two hours cold.
I hate the weird ones.
You gotta be kidding me.  The new guys'll be short-stroking it over this one.  A one-day pattern killer.
Here's her driver's license.
That can't be right.  That's the name of the one Valley Division mopped up this after- noon.
Okay let's see...Got a pos- itive on her.  She's Sarah Connor works as a legal--
Six shots at less than ten feet.  Weapon was a large caliber--
Give me the short version.
You're not FBI agents.
Well we're FBI agents.
We don't even know you.
I think you better tell us.
You're not supposed to talk about it? Who told you that?
Not supposed to talk about it.
Do you live around here?
Sorry. Don't have one.
Why don't you go home to the old lady --
I think that about does it Spooky.
Almost.  Mocky-Lock showed up.
Did we go sailing?
Four-and-twenty blackbirds.
A pocketful of rye...
Sing a song of sixpence...
No.  Thank you.
No problem.
They're hungry.
I don't know.  I think it does.  You know Catherine... If you ever want to talk about it.  What happened to Stargher.  That last time.
It doesn't matter...
He also says that until proven differently Julia Hickson was found as a result of good old-fashioned detective work.
All yours.  My boss says it's one of the strangest requests the Bureau's ever had.
So you say.
I told you.  You have to be optimistic. Believe in them...
Well look at that.
Good for them.
Yep.  Eloped.
I heard Julia and John got married.
Absolutely.  Abigail...
You sure about this?
Give her a minute.  Hello Valentine.
That went well.
I can't leave him!
Carl do you know?  Like on a map...
Where the hell are we?
He brought you to me didn't he?  If you want Julia to live trust me.  Trust him.
Little boy?!  That's him!
He wants us to follow.  The little boy...
Okay okay...
Remember Julia Hickson is priority number one.  Nothing else matters.  Find out where she is.
Yes.  I am.
You're sure of that?
A child can experience abuse worse than Charlie's.  And grow up to be someone who would never ever hurt another living thing.
What difference does it make...?
What happened?
What happened to Charles Gish?
Maybe this is a big fucking waste of time.
If you believe that.
Then what is he?
Don't you feel there are different sides to every personality?  Maybe even the worst of us is capable of one decent act.  We're all human.
Whoa.  Hold on.  Aren't they the same guy?
Not Stargher not really.  He's split himself right down the middle. Good/evil right/wrong merciful/cruel. A monster.  And an innocent child.  If I could reach the boy.
This is Stargher we're talking about?
He might tell me about Julia.  The part of him that wants to help that feels shame and remorse.  Who wants to be redeemed.
You think you can do this don't you?
This is going to sound terrible but... I don't think she matters anymore.  Not to him.  He never finished her.  The others...he was able to make them his.
What about Julia?
You were right.  There's a part of him that knows the truth.  About what he did about himself.
I did yeah.
You thought Stargher wanted to be caught.
As soon as I met him you knew I'd say yes.  He makes Julia real for me.
You're the shrink you tell me.
Why'd you bring him here?
A kingdom.  His utopia. Life without consequence or restriction. He's not even Carl Stargher anymore. He's this... idealized version of himself who can do anything he pleases... Without fear.  A horrible primitive ugly thing.  I don't want to talk in here.
What did you see?
With Stargher I saw things...
That's what therapists are for right?
Just like we all have fantasies right? Things only we know that we don't share.
Absolutely.  I suppose everyone does.
Do you feel there's a side of yourself you don't show people?
Peter okay?
Agent Novak?
Ah the part of us that can't be explained.
The soul.  The spirit.  Whatever you want to call it.
It doesn't have much to do with science.
I read about a woman in TExas who was in a coma for seven years.  Every time her husband came to visit her heart would beat faster.  Isn't that something?  I don't know what name scientists have for something like that...
Do you think that's funny?
Edward Baines I presume.  Hi Ed.  I'm Pete.
I know him.
You don't know the procedure.
This man is deeply disturbed he...
How hard could it be...?
I realize that...
Okay.  Let's assume he wanted you to find him that some part of him hated what he was doing... Most likely that part is dead.  Schizophrenics with Whalen's Infraction sever all ties with the real world.  I'm sorry I really am.
Sometimes... Once they've been caught they feel a need for disclosure.  They have so much they want to tell. But they've never had a sympathetic ear. They need someone to understand why.  Stargher used to hide the bodies very carefully.  It was part of the ritual. Some weren't found for weeks and any physical evidence had been meticulously wiped clean.  But these last three... They were still in water - always in water - but  Listen he wasn't just careless.  It went beyond that...
Really?  I don't work with violent cases I work with children.  But even a kid lies.  They love it when they get you to believe something that isn't true.  Don't you think Stargher would do the same?
There's always a chance they'll confess.
As far as I needed.
I bet we can fix it.
Oh no... No you don't.
Mocky-Lock.
He's beautiful...
You liked him?
I never kid.  My wife hates it.  Says I'm too serious.
You're kidding me.
Yep.  And guess who they hired to seal up the place?
Lattimer sold the hoist to a guy named Bainbridge who tired to build a machine works out near Delano.  Bainbridge ends up in bankruptcy court and the state winds up with the land - it's just sitting there.
That hoist with the winch...
Already there.
I need you to find something in the basement...
Agent Cole.
Just graduated law school.  Single mom. Had a two-year-old daughter.
She the one from Santa Cruz?
She's bringing Stargher into hers.
Instead of going into his mind...
It would take hours to re-route the system and even if I did I shouldn't.
What's wrong?
She changed the codes.
I think that's the whole point.
I hate to admit it but there's something perversely satisfying about this.
Pump in two liters of pure oxygen please Henry.
That's why we monitor the use of the drugs so closely.  We don't want her getting to that degree of perceptual disorientation.
Initiating connection.
Intravenous administration complete.
Not a gift.  A highly evolved area in her cerebral cortex that's all.  A genetic fluke.
They took care of that thank you Henry. 
Shouldn't we get a catheter in him?
Completely unaware.
What about the cat?
Awaiting his arrival.
How's the patient.
Federal Bureau of Investigation ma'am. We know all see all...
That's a secret.
Thanks you.  Six weeks off does a body good.  I heard she got the approval to try the reversal with Edward.
You're looking well.
Agent Novak.
Yes.  But you're going to sit down right now.  I have to...
Is she alright?
I doubt that.
I am.  I'm a pretty boring guy.
I know your partner's here but it's very important that you're honest.
What about narcotics?
Any psychiatric medication?
Prevacid.  For my stomach.
I have to ask you some things... Are you taking any prescription drugs?
Absolutely.
I have done this you know.  Been inside.
Into Stargher.  Inside...
When we got here you just topped and pulled her out.
I'll get her...
Stargher is in custody.  The functional equivalent of being under arrest. Normally we'd Mirandize him and if he didn't lawyer up we'd interrogate him. But because of his condition he doesn't have the capacity to waive those rights.
What about the legalities of this...?
Sometime yesterday morning.
When did he lapse into the coma?
It's his dog.
The Phoenix office tested that hair thirty minutes ago.  And we got the match.
Gentlemen I believe an albino dog is rare indeed.
The dog's an albino.  He'd love an animal like that.
Anne Vicksey didn't own a dog.
Grandparents.  Live over in Davis.
Someone looking after her little girl?
You might've seen Jimmy Hoffa dancing with Timothy Leary.  I don't care.
I saw her.  Julia.  Alive.  I saw everything.
You're bettin' the farm on something you saw after they pumped you full of god knows-what kind of shit?
Considering where I've been...
Jesus Christ man you look like hell.
But you looked so cute.  All sleepy...
Next time tell me okay?
Right here.
That's not what I'm talking about Pete. I'm talking about waking up and realizing this girl's gonna die.
Why jeopardize what we've already done? We caught the sonofabitch.  Carl Stargher.  That's going to be like Bundy Gacy Dahmer.  A case that makes careers.  But if we push our luck.  If this is all bullshit and we come out smelling like it.
I don't have to.
I don't know Pete but for god's sake... This is nuts.  Do you really understand what they're going to do?
What else do we do?!
You sure you want to go through with this?
They're in that fucking thing for forty hours Gordon.  Four-oh.  He got Julia at seven-thirty last night.  You know what time it is now...?!
We'll go back to his house Pete. There's still a lot to do.  Analyze the videos track sales of the bleach go through his records.  Maybe he owns property somewhere.
No.  Can you get a man close?
Let's give old Carl a call.  Tell him he's got company.
We proceed assuming she is.
After three years she remembers what the guy drove?
Nicole Labetzki.  Victim seven. Forensics found dog hair in her car but they had a K-9 unit at the scene and never had it checked.
Breeders typically destroy albino pups so this animal is truly unique.
Damn man I give up.  Your partner tells you his wife's gonna have a baby and all you care about is a coroner's report!
Here he is.
Pregnant.  Thanks for asking.
How is she?
No Tetanty.
4000 degrees is usually the point of....?
No evidently you reversed the polarity on his lobal travel. Secure another sinex drop.
Control ON.
See if you can get a reading on tactal retention.  Try to estimate it without a meter reading.
What happened?
HUMMMM.....
Permant cortex bond.
A sinex drop reading of less then 2000 degrees with an accompanying loss of greater then 350 degrees since admission may indicate....?
Correct.  Now secure a sinex drop reading.
Drug evasion with assorted perversions
triple three triple three! easy.....
Drug evasion with....
Birth born....UMMM...Sexact.
Correct.  Origin?
Stress category.
Cortex bonding....possible temporary.  Before you report a possible equipment malfunction you check the subjects....?
I can't hear him.
No!...No!...
It's wrong; so wrong what we've done....
I'm not afraid...I'm not afraid.
It's the end.
Oh THX... hold me hold me THX holds her tightly tears in his eyes.  They kiss and LUH hides her head in THX's chest.
no...no no.
No one can see us now we're alone.
They're watching us now.
They don't know.
They know.  They've been watching us.  I can feel it.
Are you all right?
Don't let them separate us.
It's all right now shhhh it's all right.
We could leave and live in the superstructure....
Then what?  It can't go on forever. You know it can't.
I know you can do it without sedation You can I know you can.
If I take something you suffer. If I don't I stuff....
You don't know.  You don't....
I couldn't turn you in not now. I....I know I wouldn't!
I've got a slip movement to install on my next shift.  I'll never make it the way I am now.
If you....if you go back on sedation you won't feel the same way about me.  You'll report me for drug evasion.
I don't know.
What are you doing?
I don't want to lose you.
I can't go on like this.  I can't....  I don't just sit around and watch people.  If I make a mistake it's all over.  You see it every day.  Do you want to see me taken away in pieces?
But...you...
What do you think you're doing? You're going to get us arrested.
On the cervix transfer you almost lost the T297.
You slipped on a T297 transfer just before lunch didn't you?
You're not cleared for this precinct.  Let's cross over first.
No....I though  I'm afraid.
What are you doing here?  Is anything wrong?
Promise...please don't THX leaves the room.
Don't take anything.
They'll come for me right away if I'm not there.  I have to go.
No!  Don't go.
Three!  I'm going to be late for my shift.
It's 3+27 hundred
I said what time is it?  How long was I out?
What time is it?
But it's so hopeless...you're so beautiful.
I was so scared...I didn't know what would happen with you...once I started.  I almost let you go on so many times.  It will be worth it together.  When I was alone I knew.
What?...Oh no THX.  That's not true.  Not satisfied?  THX I need you so much.
Now...now I'm sorry...don't - don't....please.  It's just... I was happy.  Why get me involved? You told SEN that you weren't satisfied with me.
Looks like food.
That's not food.  Can't be food.
Looks like dirt.
That's not dirt...Can't be dirt.. Dirt is a violation.
I've never been under the table before.
Don't be so sure.
I haven't done anything.
I didn't.  You asked me about the card.  You're going to get us into trouble.
Then why did you bring it up?
No don't make trouble.  It's nothing.
You don't have to... I don't trust him.  You ought to file a report.
I have to... he's a G-34
I don't know.
A shift change should come through the scheduling office.
He wants me to come to his quarters.
I have to see SEN.  I've just been given a shift change.
What did you get?
Eat your dinner.
You know I don't feel well.
You've seen enough.
What's this?  Why did you change it?
What's the matter with you?
No your going to eat it or it will go to waste.
Well it's fixed so you'll have to eat it.
I'm not hungry.
It seems I am destined to endure many frustrations....but at the same time I am secure in the knowledge that the thrust of my studies has been in the right direction and that even if it remains incomplete my search has not been in vain.
There goes another of your disciples.
A shelldweller.  They live in the outer shell of the city.  Quite unique there have been two here before.  They smell.
But we need a creative dissent. Our voices are not joined in any harmonious chorus but the differences are differences of emphasis not of fundamentals. Now the new alignment's greatest need is to communicate with all its elements rather than march along in parallel line that never converge.  Tomorrow as we focus the new movement more clearly we will gain a new unity.
What are you talking about? When did you sleep last?  Do you know what your trouble is? You're blind.  You've been here so long you can't see what is happening.  We must unite.  We need unity.  We need action. ) We have come to a time when we must....
You always manage to avoid the issue:  What's wrong with our present condition?  We're COMFORTABLE and we have plenty of food...I feel absolutely no threat because there is no threat. Why incite trouble?  You should examine your emotions.  It is senseless...
I've said many times before and I guess I'll have to repeat it again for your...
Then why are they holding us here? Why don't they destroy us right away?  Economically it's not sound at all.  Very much unlike....
But you can't.  We must escape.
THX and me.
Who?  Who's leaving?
We're leaving.
We're leaving.
What's going on....what are you doing?
We cannot stay here and allow ourselves to be destroyed.  You can work with us.  An organized plan of escape must be devised first.  Could you see anything?  You want to leave.  You're not like them.  You must have left something or someone.
I thought you were through with it!
Incredible!
We must escape.  We have plans. We can leave.  We must wait until...
It may seem ridiculous to the untrained mind but if you were able to interpret the calculations you would see that an apparent paradox is actually a perfect and elegant system in concept and design.
That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard.
Ask him about the air.  He looks out of breath.
Wait!  I'll talk to him.
I wonder how far he went.  He's gathered invaluable information out there.
He's coming back for the rest of us.  He can't make it alone.
Impossible!
I can just barely see him.  I think he's leaving.
No one could have imagined anything one-thousandth as fantastic as the sober facts uncovered by patient inquiry.  This world is in a state of static-mobility:  we are at the same time moving and standing still.
I've got it!  Astounding!
On the contrary!  It absolutely proves what I have always felt. We are located in an apparently uniform space with no visible limits.  We are just now beginning to push back the clouds of ignorance and perceive the truth.  We must continue the search.
Not very encouraging.
Out of a random selection of 150 locations with 150 possible sightings there were 146 absolute negatives and four conditionals most of which occurred in the early familiarization stages of the experiment and can be largely discounted.
You have nothing to fear.  You're safe again.
How far did you go?  Was it cold?
No look!  Three degrees from the central azimuth.
I can't see him at all.  He's been destroyed.
But you can't...you.
When?.....How?
I'm leaving.
I'm leaving.
Get out of here Leave me alone.
Listen to me....You have no need to distrust me.  We're going....
I'll report you.  It's....
You know I have a way with the computers.  I can clear myself for any area.....almost.
What are you doing here?  You're not cleared for this area!
I don't feel well.
I won't have another mate like ONA.  You rate very high in sanitation.  I've checked.  In fact I am surprised that you were ever matched with LUH.  Her ratings are very erratic - you know what I mean.  We'll be happy.
Don't say that.  You look...  You're not well.
You're in violation.
We had a long talk and she agreed that it would be a good idea for you to switch.  She felt that you had not been accurately mated to her in the first place... You're upsetting yourself.  Would you like something?
I don't understand. Living....selection is computed. You can't... What have you done to LUH?  She was here..
It will be good for both of us. I've got it all arranged.
Where's LUH?
I want you for my roommate.
What's going on?
Why are you so concerned?
Why did you have LUH come here?
Where is LUH?
I'm sure it's warmer in her than outside though.  I haven't been out yet but it usually is...the control is fouled... 
I thought of something.....
Just look at all those people.
Save yourself....
What do you want?
I'm only trying to help you.
No...no you're wrong.
Look more closely.
Where's LUH?
Remember this...?
All right...
You don't know that!
No......  She's dead THX........
She's not there
That's not it.
Soon he'll be a plastic cube.
I knew him.
This one has eyes.  Why did they leave your eyes? Could you ever....
All the insides are gone!
Would you like part of this? ....It's not much.
What have you done Cut your hand?
Must be an expressway.... You don't have to stay here you know....
What was that....
I don't care.
Oh That!  I'm 5555 SRT Entron..
You have to!....I'm 1138 THX Magnum manipulator 347 cell 94107 Precinct 3 Residence:  Level 6421 Complex 12 Ramp 5.  Roommate 3417 LU...H.
I don't know.
What kind of answer is that?
Who?  Me?...I don't know.
We'll never make it through that mainway...I wonder what happened to SEN.  I'm crazy!  This whole thing is crazy...What am I doing?  My mind is full of so many things I can't think of anything anymore.  Who are you?
Maternity ward huhh!
What are you talking about. How do you know?  I need her!  I need her.  She needs me.  I've got to get to her.
...it doesn't matter.  The rest of it just didn't happen.
Too late....stay close.
Lost SEN!  He'll never find us.
We've lost SEN!
Look more closely.
How do you know?
...and you're not lost now?
I was lost.
What are you doing here?
You should know better than that!
You are engaged in an unauthorized procedure.  Check cybernetic manual F-45.  If you do no have an F-45 you are in violation.  This is a double A restricted precinct. Remain where you are.  Authorities will arrive shortly.
...to me.  I think I'm dying.
...rooms with her.  Our relationship is normal conforming.  We share nothing but space.  What is she doing to...
....with me?  What am I to her or she to me?  Nothing.  She's an ordinary roommate.  I..I share...
You are a true believer.  Blessings of the state blessings of the masses.  Thou art a subject of the divine.  Created in the image of man by the masses for the masses. Let us be thankful we have an occupation to fill.  Work hard; increase production; prevent accidents and be happy.
....I'm taking SP5 but it doesn't seem strong enough.  I have a hard time concentrating.  Please forgive me I slipped on....
I can't understand.  The sedatives....
My mate has been acting very strange.  I can't explain it.....but.  I haven't been feeling very well myself.  I don't know maybe it's me.  I needed an SP9 last night.  I feel as if something odd were happening to me. Something....
I did not accept any.  I...  I wanted... to.  But I didn't. You know I didn't.  Don't you?
....going well.  How could I be so wrong.  SCO 1202 cross wired a 904.  He's been receiving extra credit.  He offered me some.
It runs deep. Share it with me.
I couldn't help but notice you pain.
Bring it closer so that I might join with it. Do it or watch these puny things die horribly.
The ship....
Bring me the ship or I will destroy you!
No no it's not possible.
He doubts me.
Why? Why have you done this to my friend?
You doubt me?
He has his doubts...
It will be your chariot!
Then I shall make use of this starship.
It could. Yes.
This starship could it carry my wisdom beyond the Barrier?
With a starship!
And how did you breach the Barrier?
We sought only your infinite wisdom.
Magnificent. You are the first to find me.
It was not. The Barrier stood between us - but we breached it.
It is I.  The journey you undertook to reach me could not have been an easy one.
Qual se tu?
Don't worry fellas. Your secret's` safe with me. I'll send the shuttlecraft to pick you up.
Sulu! Look! The sun's come out! It's a miracle!
My visual says sunny skies and seventy degrees.
Is there a problem gentlemen?
Don't tell them you're lost. You'll never live it down.
Return to prearranged coordinates for pickup.
Rescued at last.
Bad news gentlemen. Shore leave's been cancelled.
But Captain we're firing directly on your position.
In firing position. Torpedo armed.
Estimating destination in 6.7 hours present speed.
Following new course. Warp seven.
New course? You have no authority.  What's going on here?
Plotting our new course.
Sulu what are you doing?
And we can't see a thing. Request you direct us to the coordinates.
Um... yes. We've been caught in a blizzard!
All right we're lost.  But we're making good time.
Admit it. We're lost.
I don't have a clue.
What's Emergency Landing Plan B?
DO it. Go to Red Alert.
But the shuttle-
Raise shields.
Mr. Chekov I've lost the Bird of Prey. She must have cloaked.
Position Bird of Prey?
Shuttle en route.
Do you realize what you've done? It wasn't bloodshed I wanted.
I instruct you to surrender. You are under attack by Federation forces.
What's going on?
We will be happy to beam down. But first we must have certain assurances.
Then it's fortunate that I have you and your starship to protect me. In the meantime Captain Chekov I instruct you and your First Officer to beam down to my coordinates.
You are a master of understatement. They are likely to destroy the planet.
Your threats amuse me Captain Chekov. What consequences did you have in mind?
This is Captain Pavel Chekov speaking. You are in violation of Neutral Zone Treaty. I advise you to release your hostages at once or suffer the consequences.
A Federation starship.
This is the Starship Enterprise.
Understood. Kirk out.
No but you can bet they will.
Have the Klingons responded?
Your orders are to proceed to Nimbus III assess the situation and avoid a confrontation if possible. Above all however get those hostages back safely.
Other ships yes. But no experienced commanders. Captain I need Jim Kirk.
With all due respect the Enterprise is a disaster. There must be other ships in the quadrant.
The Klingon the Romulan the Federation consuls. Now I know Enterprise is not exactly up to specs...
The same. From what we can make out a terrorist force has captured the only settlement. And they've taken hostages.
I apologize for canceling shore leave but look we have a dangerous situation out on Nimbus III.
You caught me on my way to the shower.
Jim...? Well we're dressing informally aren't we?
Enterprise this is Starfleet Operations. Come in.
Can we have it quiet?
Have faith my friend. There are more of us than you know.
Perhaps I have a way to bring one here.
A starship? There are no starships on Nimbus III.
What you seek. What all men have sought since time began - ultimate knowledge. But to find it we'll need a starship.
What is it you seek?
Join my quest.
I feel as if a weight has been lifted from my heart. How can I repay you for this miracle?
The power was within you.
Where did you get this power?
Let us explore it together.
What do you know of my pain?
Your pain runs deep.
It's all I have.
Besides I can't believe you'd kill me for a field of empty holes.
Beam up Spock and Dr. McCoy. Now!
She's got partial power sir. I might be able to take two of you.
Mr. Scott you're amazing.
Head down that tunnel to the hydro vent and turn right. Then left at the blowscreen. You can't miss it.
Mr. Scott get the transporter working. If we contact a rescue ship we'll need it.  Which way to the turbo shaft?
If we could send a distress signal...
Captain we can't trust anyone now.
Then we'll have to get them out the old fashioned way.
Scotty here Captain. Transporter is still inoperative. Even if we could lock onto the hostages we couldn't beam them up.
I hope it won't come to that Mr. Scott.
Don't you worry Captain. We'll beat those Klingon devils even if I have to get out and push.
Aye Captain  How many times do I have to tell you? The right tool for the right job...
Very well Mr. Scott. Carry on.
I think you gave me too much time Captain.
You told me you could have the ship operational  in two weeks. I gave you three. What Happened?
Bird of Prey bearing one zero five mark two.
Transporter room. Status.
Paradise City can you boost your power? We're barely receiving transmission.
Respond with static. Let them think we're having difficulty. Which wouldn't be far from the truth.
Captain we're receiving transmission from Paradise City. They're demanding to know our intentions.
Standard orbit Mr. Sulu.
Put it on the screen.
Captain we're receiving the hostage information you requested.
Put it on the veiwscreen would You please?
Captain Starfleet transmission on line.
ER... You forgot to take it with you.
Why didn't you beep my communicator?
Mr. Scott apologizes for having to send the shuttlecraft. The transporter beam is non-operational. Captain we've received important orders from Starlet Command.
Yes. I lost a brother once. I was lucky. I got him back.
I was thinking of Sybok. I've lost a brother.
Maybe he's not out there Bones. Maybe he's right here... in the human heart  Spock?
Not possible. You were never alone.
Spock I thought I was going to die.
Welcome aboard Captain.
I believe we are witnessing my birth.
What is this?
It's all right Captain.  Proceed.
Spock... don't.
Mark two. Request emergency assistance. Acknowledge.
...mark two.
To anyone within the sound of my voice: This is Captain James T. Kirk of the Federation Starship Enterprise. If you read me acknowledge. Acknowledge.
The emergency channel open.
Fire the rockets!
If I activate them now Captain we will be propelled upward at an unbelievable rate.
Spock... the booster rockets.
It must be all those marsh melons.
It would appear we are too heavy.
I believe I have found a faster way.
The only problem is it's up there. We're down here.
There is an emergency sending apparatus in the forward observation room.
That's a little vague Spock -
I am here Captain.
Spock! My only concern is getting the ship back. When that's done and Sybok is in here then you can debate Sha Ka Ree until you're green in the face. Until then you're either with me or you're not.
Sybok possessed the keenest intellect I have ever known.
But the center of the galaxy can't be reached. No ship has ever gone into the Great Barrier. No probe has ever returned.
There Sha Ka Ree is fabled to exist.
That he's found it. Sha Ka Ree. The reason Sybok left Vulcan.
Is what possible?
Is it possible?
He did have pointed ears.
This er person... didn't by any chance have pointed ears and an unerring capacity for getting his shipmates into trouble did he?
The designers tested it using the most intelligent and resourceful person they could find. He failed to escape.
How do you know?
This is a new brig Captain. It is escape-proof.
There's got to be a way out of this place.
He's sorry See he's sorry. Everything... that makes everything all right. He's sorry everything's...
I was not disposed to discuss... matters of a personal nature. For that I'm sorry.
Why didn't you tell me this before?
Exactly. That is correct. Sybok's mother was a Vulcan princess. Upon her death Sybok and I were raised as brothers.
I gotta sit down.
I have a half brother.
There you see? See?
Technically you are correct. I do not have a brother.
You did too. Sybok couldn't possibly be your brother because I happen to know for a fact that you don't have a brother.
You mean he's your brother brother?  You made that up!
No no no Captain. You do not understand. Sybok also in a son of Sarek.
Look the man may be a fellow Vulcan but that doesn't...
You ordered me to kill my brother.
I ordered you to defend this ship.
If I had pulled the trigger Sybok would be dead.
You stay out of this!  Why Spock? Why? I.. All you had to do was pull the trigger.
If you think it would help.
Forgive you? I ought to knock you on your goddamn ass!
Worse. I have betrayed you. I do not expect you to forgive me.
What you have done is betray every man on this ship.
Captain what have I done -
Damnit Spock. God damnit!
Let me do something.
You must allow us to act.
An eternity during which we'll be vulnerable to Klingon attack. Korrd-you tell him.
Exactly 15.5 seconds.
Yes Captain.
Be one with the horse.
Yes Captain?
We don't have 1.2 hours.
At footspeed I estimate the journey to Paradise City at 1.2 hours.
Mr. Sulu. Execute.
To land any closer would risk detection.
That puts us pretty far away from Paradise City.
Their equipment is primitive but effective. I recommend we land at Coordinate 8563.
Damn.  Let's go.
Klingon vessel now entering quadrant. Bird of Prey. Estimating 1.9 hours until her weapons come to bear.
Fascinating.
When he encouraged others to follow him he was banished from Vulcan never to return.
He believed the key to self-knowledge was emotion not logic.
He rejected his logical upbringing and embraced the animal passions of our ancestors.
The knowledge and experience he sought were forbidden by Vulcan belief.
What do you mean?
There was a young student exceptionally gifted possessing of great intelligence. It was assumed that one day he would take his place amongst the great scholars of Vulcan. But he was a revolutionary.
Who is it he reminds you of?
I do not often think of the past.
He reminds me of someone I knew in my youth.
But he does seem familiar?
I cannot be certain.
Spock what is it? Do you know this Vulcan?
Perhaps I have Captain. Perhaps I have.
What is it? You look like you've seen a ghost.
General Korrd's military strategies were required learning when I was a cadet at the Academy. When they put me out to pasture I hope I fare better than Korrd.
The same. He's apparently fallen out of favor with the Klingon High Command.
Not General Korrd.
I could use a shower.
Goodnight Doctor.
Goodnight Spock.
Goodnight Bones.
Yes Captain.
Go to sleep Spock.
Life is not a dream.
Spock we're on leave. You can call me Jim.
I was trying to comprehend the meaning of the words.
Come on Spock. Why didn't you jump in?
That song did not come up in my research Captain.
Are we leaving Captain?
That's great. I haven't sung around a campfire since I was a boy in Iowa. What are we going to sing? What... Bones what are we going to sing?
Oh. I believe we are required to engage in a ritual known as the singalong.
I am preparing to toast a marsh melon.
What are you doing?
I've always known... I'll die alone.
I don't understand.
Oh no. It isn't that. I knew I wouldn't die because the two of you were with me.
Spock I appreciate your concern but if you don't stop distracting me I'm liable to be one...
Concentration is vital. You must be one with the rock.
I believe Dr McCoy is not in the best of moods.
On the contrary. Gravity is foremost on my mind. Look I'm trying to make an ascent here. Why don't you go pester Dr McCoy for a while?
I do not think you realize the gravity of your situation.
Ah Captain?
Because it's there.
And that is?
I'm not trying to break any records. I'm doing this because I enjoy it. Not to mention the most important reason for climbing a mountain...
I regret to inform you that the record for free-climbing El Captain is in no danger of being broken.
I'm flattered. Twelve hundred points of interest in Yosemite and you pick me.
Spock - What are you doing in this neck of the woods?
Kirk to Enterprise. Listen carefully...
What have I done?
Because you too must know.
What makes you think I won't turn us around?
No conditions.
No special conditions?
The ship needs its Captain.
About the ship...
Am I? We'll see.
You are mad!
Given to me by God.  He waits for us on the other side.
Your vision?
But if we do will that convince you that my vision was true?
Wait!  You know we'll never make it through the Great Barrier.
No. I refuse.
Now learn something about yourself.
No... I didn't.
I've done nothing. This is who they are. Didn't you know that?
Spock...  What have you done to my friends?
I don't control minds. I free them.
The only realty I see is that I'm a prisoner on my own ship. What is this power you have to control the minds of my crew?
I'm afraid of nothing.
What you fear is the unknown. The people of your planet once believed their world was flat. Columbus proved it was round. They said the sound barrier could never be broken. It was broken. They said warp speed could not be achieved. The Great Barrier is the ultimate expression of this universal fear. It's an extension of personal fear.  Captain Kirk I so much want your understanding. I want your respect. Are you afraid to hear me out?
You can't expect us to stand by while you take the ship into the Great Barrier.
I trust your message was received?
I'll take you to the bridge.
We must change our course at once.
In order to lower and raise the shields as quickly as possible we're going to forego the tractor beam and fly her in manually.
What are you doing?
Sybok listen to me. In order for this craft to enter the landing bay Enterprise must lower the shields and activate the tractor beam. To get us inside and re-raise the shields will take-
No! No reply. Remain on course.
But I thought Captain Chekov..  I see. Very clever Captain.  Spock it would appear that you've been given a second chance to join me. What do you say?
James T. Kirk Captain of the Enterprise.
Who are you?
You staged all this to get your hands on my ship?
I must have your starship.
Maybe you could wait until I'm a wee bit stronger I don't think I could take it in my present condition.  Or yours.
No no no. Scotty - Scotty... There's so much I want to tell you.
No. Sybok has simply put us in touch with feelings we've always been afraid to express.
Scotty dear he' not a madman.
Uhura I had the strangest dream. I dreamt that a madman had taken over the Enterprise.
Easy easy  easy Scotty. Easy. You're back with us.
Starfleet are you aware of our currant status?
They can't be serious. The ship's in pieces and we've less than a skeleton aboard.
I had a feeling you would say something like that. So I brought us dinner.
Oh I cannot leave her now when she needs me the most.
And I thought we were supposed to be going together.
Uhura I thought you were on leave.
I know you'll whip her into shape Scotty. You always do.
You invented Space Paranoids?
Sherman set the Wayback Machine for...oh 1973. Kevin Flynn  is one of the brightest young software engineers at ICOM. He's so bright that he starts going in there at night and sets up a private memory file and begins writing a program for a video game he is inventing called...  ...Space Paranoids.
You haven't told him?
I don't get it.
Are you embezzling?
Tried to.  Can't quite make the connection with that sucker though. If I had a direct terminal ...
You did break in.
I'm certainly not.
I don't think I'm cleared for this.
Uh no ... I mean not that often -
For being on to Dillinger.
That Dillinger's on to him.
To warn him.
I mean I want both of us to go.
You call that getting over it?
I want to go to his place.
Okay okay...
Oh I wish you'd forget about that. It was all so long ago. I've totally gotten over it.
Flynn had access to you too. I'm not interested in talking about him.
Flynn had Group 7 access.
Something about tampering. Some body's prob'ly trying to siphon the R&D budget into his checking account I don't know. Why are you so interested?
Did he say why?
Yeah...pain in the neck you know I was all set
Did you say Group 7 access?
Frustrating. I had Tron almost ready to run and Dillinger cut everybody with Group 7 access out of the system.
How's it going upstairs?
Yes won't that be grand -- the computers will start thinking and people will stop. Lora I'm going to stay and run some data through. See you tomorrow.
They'll start to soon enough.
Well you have to expect some static. Computers are just machines after all they can't think...
Ever since he got that Master Control Program set up system's got more bugs than a bait store.
Yes...but you have to go roundtrip and you must purchase your program at least 30 days in advance. Hah!
Great. Can it send me to Hawaii?
Not disintegrating Alan -- digitizing. While the laser is dismantling the molecular structure of the object the computer maps out a holographic model of it. The molecules themselves are suspended in the laser beam. Then the computer reads the model back out the molecules go back into place and...  voila.
Boy I sit up there grindin' away all day and you guys are down here disintegrating things and having fun.
Hello Alan.
Ah. Sounds good. Well we should have you running again in a couple of days I hope.
No it'll run independently. It can watchdog the MCP as well.
Mmm. Part of the Master Control Program?
It's called Tron. It's a security program itself actually. Monitors all the contacts between our system and other systems... If it finds anything going on that's not scheduled it shuts it down. I sent you a memo on it.
No no I'm sure but -- you understand. It should only be a couple of days. What's the thing you're working on?
I hope you don't think it's me. I don't even balance my checkbook on downtime.  I've got a Honeywell at home for that.
We have to close that down just briefly. Security reasons.  Someone with that access has been tampering.
oh you have Group 7 access don't you?
Well I don't know...I just tried to run this program I've been working on and I was denied access all of a sudden. I thought maybe I'd been laid off and nobody told me.
Oh yes. The algorithms on cloud seeding...great piece of work. How's it going?
Alan. Alan Bailey.
Come on in...
Let's get outta here.
So... Nice ship you got here. What's our next move?
You said it.
Not a chance.
This town's full o' live ones.
No nuh-uh never in a million years!
This honey doesn't handle so good in town...
Yes okay exactement!
Way to go! We're haulin'!
Another mouth to feed... you don't by any chance know how to drive this crate?
Right on the money!
I'm your program?
where's your program? Won't it miss you?
For sure...
only yes and no...  You're a bit.
Oui da yessiree sure 'nuff you betcha.
Oh. Anything else?
No nyet negatory not on your tintype no way.
That all you can say?
Yesssss. Yes. Yes. Yes.
So do as I tell you. Keep that Tron program out of the system. And get me those Chinese language program I asked for.
You wouldn't dare.
You wouldn't want me to dig up Flynn's file and read it up on a VDT at the New York Times would you?
If you think -
The same thing I want with the Kremlin. I'm bored with corporations. With the information I can access I can run things 900 to 1200 times better than any human.
What do you want with the Pentagon?
I've gotten 2415 times smarter since then.
Now wait a minute -- I wrote you.
It shouldn't be any harder than General Motors was. But now...this is what I get for using humans.
The Pentagon?
And I was planning to hit the Pentagon next week...
It's my fault. I programmed you to want so much...
I can't afford to have an independent program monitoring me. Do you have any idea how many outside systems I've gone into? How many programs I've appropriated?
I'm sorry -
Ed I am so very disappointed in you.
End of line.
There's a 68.71 percent chance you're right.
I think we'd better shut off all access till we can find that file. Just to be safe.
I'm afraid so. I spotted him this time and kicked him out but he's getting trickier all the time.
Meanwhile he might find it.
I would if I could find it. it's stashed somewhere off in the system ... out of my range. Meanwhile...
He's still looking for that old file... can't you just appropriate it?
Yes.  It felt like Flynn.
It's our friend the boy detective. He's nosing around again.
No problem Master-C. If you've seen one Consumer Electronics Show...  What's up?
Thank you no. I have some work to do... assuming I can still log on.
I'm sorry Walt. So much pressure lately... you feel like going for a drink?
That was uncalled-for.
It can be arranged...
Oh I know all that. Sometimes I wish I was back in that garage...
Doing our business is what computers are for. Look Walter with all respect -- ICOM isn't the business you started in your garage anymore --
User requests are what computers are for.
The MCP is the most efficient way of handling what we do. I can't sit and worry about every little user request that --
That MCP you know that's half the problem right --
Walter I sympathize but I have data coming out of the Master Control Program saying there is something screwy --
Ed all I'm saying is - if our own people can't get access to their programs ... you know how frustrating it is when you're working on a piece of research -
They may be... de-rezzed... on the carrier ... hurry...
Dumont! Where's Yori? Where's Flynn?
No... Tron ... must... destroy MCP... first...
All that is visible must grow beyond itself and extend into the realm of the invisible.
Alan-One. He calls me... may I pass?
Who is your User program?
When you've been in the system as long as I have you hear many promises... many reassurances...many brave plans...
Really. You'd have programs lined up around the block to use this place -- and no MCP looking over your shoulder.
Dumont... my User has information that could -- could make this a free system again.
Oh you want to -- hah. I could get myself de-rezzed just-for letting you in here. They hate this tower. They'd close it down if they dared to but they keep me around in case one of them wants to deal with the other world once in a while. And you should hear the way they commune! Sounds like they were routing a payroll for all the heart they put in it. No I don't think you
Well I want to communicate --
Hmm. A difficult proposition... difficult proposition at best.  Perhaps you've noticed... we're not exactly packing them in these days ...
I... have come to communicate with my User.
Aah I'm fine... little hung over is all...
How about you?
Hey... you guys OK?
Did we make it?
Not with this disk. I'm going to check on the beam connection Yori. You two can keep a watch out for grid bugs.
Not us I hope.
Probably decided not to pursue us The Sea of Simulation is tricky.. lot of illusions...rough navigating. Programs have a way of just... disappearing here.
What about our friend - Sark?
All right. Thank God. Alan stayed awake at least.
We're on our way.  Alan-One gave me the coding we need to go up against Master
Stranger and stranger...
I hate to disappoint you pal most-the time that's how it is for Users too.
Well -- that's how it is for programs yes but --
Look you guys know how it is. You just keep doin' what it looks like you're supposed to even if it seems crazy and you hope to hell your User knows what's goin' on.
You wish. Man I haven't had a second to think since I got down here. I mean in here. Out here. Whatever.
But -- if you're a User -- then everything you've done has been part of a plan ...
It's time I levelled with you Tron. I'm a -- well I'm what you guys call a User.
Wrote the...?
No big deal. I ought to know my way around that Light Cycles routine... I mean I did write the program for it.
I'm sorry Tron... he's... he didn't make it.
Flynn...  Where's Ram?
Yeah I... oops!
You're alive!
Greetings program...
No good...they might block off the old chip.  This way.
How about over there...that empty memory?
Tanks...coming back. Let's go.
What's that?
You know anybody that's got an army for rent that's fine...but my uh User said to go take that sucker out. An' let's face it the big ox isn't gonna get any weaker. I feel like hittin' him now while I'm good an' mad. Some nerve... what does he care whether you guys get killed long as he keeps rakin' in quarters?
What just the three of us?
I uh... I'm a program from a User that... knows Alan...?
The name of my User yeah. But how... ?
Well isn't it -- ?
Where did you hear that name?
Flynn... you can't... I
But... won't you be de-rezzed?
Why? What are you going to do?
Yori steer us over the beam right next to it.
Let's get some power here.
Flynn we've got to help him!
Almost... I just have to adjust our course at the next junction. I'd better go check the instruments ...
Elementary physics... a beam of energy can always be diverted... ooh my head  Are we there yet Mommy?
How did you do that Flynn?
It's too far!
There's another beam!
Lousy utility companies ... they're the same wherever you go.
The MCP blasted it... There are very few domains left with any power at all.
What's wrong with that area?
A little ...  Over there the Mountains of Data... and I think that's the Silicon Valley...
Boy the view from up here... you know the territory?
Guess I took a wrong turn somewhere...
A User -- in our world?
Little more juice's all it needs...
Damn! Never fails... minute the warranty runs out...
Are you kidding? I think it's stealing us -
We're inside a Recognizer...  You are crazy -- stealing a Recognizer --
What's goin' on?
Alan-One...
Feel what? You okay?
It grows on you.
PARAMUS... wonder what those initials stand for ...  ...probably Program Assist Routine -- well it sounds like a lovely place.
The tower yes -- Flynn have you remembered anything else about yourself -- like what sector you're from?
It's all circuits...  Must be an input/output component...
Recognizers!
Yeah but I'm remembering all kinds of stuff. Like...my User wants me to go after the MCP
He was disoriented in transport Tron.
Flynn! Look Tron he survived!
Sure a little disorientation. That's normal when they transport you. It'll come back to you. You're doing real well in training. Remarkable really...
Oh uh...I don't remember too much...
How 'bout yourself?
Yeah yeah -- that's great.
Oh I was an actuarial program... worked at a big insurance company. It really gives you a great feeling helping folks plan for their future needs -- and of course if you look at the payments as an annuity over the years the cost is really
Hey Ram ... what were you ... you know before?
Well great that's no sweat -- I play video games better than anybody.
Look...just so I can tell my friends what this dream was about okay? Where am I?
You'll be having plenty of chances to get hurt don't worry about that.
You're getting out of the business?
Hey you know anybody who wants to get hold of some video games... cheap?
Are you kidding? You guys'll he running this joint by then...
Well just don't forget your old friends when you're rich and famous.
you have any idea how much I can sue these jokers for?
As long as we stay off the top floor Dillinger'll never know we've been in here...
Swell...I'll log us both on and you can get your Tron thing running...
Okay ... Flynn I'm gonna put you at my terminal down in the laser lab. We'll be up in Alan's office.
Not much chance of that now. The MCP can just slip it into another system as soon as it locates it...
Don't even say that. You've got to find that file before he does..
Boy I bet I know who's workin' late tonight.
I'm afraid it's a little late for that. Dillinger's shut off Group 7 access. He must know what you're up to.
Touche honey. Yeah I've been doing a little hacking here. Which I've got every reason as you well know...
You can see why all his friends are fourteen years old.
Whew. You never were much for small talk.  She still leave her clothes all over the floor?
Have you been sneaking into the ICOM system?
So...how's the world of serious science?
Good luck. You can't even think in here.
We have to talk.
Hey! Good to see you guys! Nothing classes up the place like a cleancut young couple.
I don't have time Sark. And neither do you. End of line.
We'll get them sir... These things take time.
Yes and now you've got two renegade programs running all the hell over the system in a stolen simulation.
Now sir... We did take care of that User you sent us --
End of line.
Yes...acknowledge Master Control...
Then pull yourself together. Get this clown trained. I want him in the Games until he dies playing.
Wait...I need that...
You rather take your chances with me? Want me to slow down your power cycles for you?
But-what if I can't...?
Now get this straight pal -- no one User wrote me. I'm worth a couple million of their man-years! I'm bigger than all those little wimps put together!  Humans they can't even keen their social order in one piece
Well I -- it's just -- I don't know a User I mean... Users wrote us. A User even wrote you...
That's right. He pushed me...in the other world. Somebody pushes me I push back. So I brought him down here ... What's the matter Sark? You look nervous.
He's not any kind of program Sark. He's a User.
You've got it. I've been hopin' you'd send me somebody with a little moxie ... what kind of program is he?
I've got a little challenge for you Sark -- a new recruit. He's a tough case but I want him treated in the usual manner. Train him for the games... let him hope for a while... and blow him away.
Strategic Air Command.
Sure I'd love to go up against some of these guys ... be a nice break from these accounting creampuffs you keep sending me. Which branch of the service?
We might be capturing some military programs soon... that interest you?
Thank. you Master Control.
I have to find out what Alan wants... that comes first.
Do you know what he's talking about?
We have to.
You think we can make it there?
What do you think?
They'd better be...I don't want to bust outta this dump an' find nothin' but a lot of cold circuits waitin' for me.
The Users...you really think they're still there?
Another free program off line.  What's his User s'posed to do -- ?
Where's Flynn?
It's something Users do.
I can't. There's no junction due for at least 7 or 8 nanoseconds!
We have to get off this beam!
Power surge... the transmission beam's too strong!
What is it?
Then I owe you some thanks...
This is Flynn... the one who busted me out.
As long as it gets us out of here
Yes...it can take us across the Sea of Simulation... all the way out of the Game Grid...to the MCP.
I had to...in the games...
You've grown big program.
It's a flat. But wait a micro...
Why is everything...like this?
My quarters.
Don't know yet... I have to get in touch with Alan. He was going to tell me how to
That's all going to change Yori...
I can't believe how bad it's gotten around here since the MCP started taking over... all the good functions have shut down... everybody looks so dead... I'm afraid to even go out during down-time...
Oh Tron... I knew you'd escape... they've never built circuit that could hold you...
Yori... hey...
We're going to think about it Cole. Among ourselves.  We'll get back to you.
I understand.  There'd be no point.
You don't want to jeopardize that reduction do you Cole?  Have it taken away?
To be determined by the proper authorities.
Hey no problem it's probably just another kidnapping featuring Jeffrey's shrink pardon me make that ex-shrink.  This is your leader a certifiable lunatic who told his former psychiatrist all his plans for God knows what whacko irresponsible schemes and now who knows what she's painted out there on our wall?
Wow a guy in a Chevy is chasing her and some other guy I can't see.
She's drawing attention to us that's what she's doing. ... I don't know what you're up to this time Mason but you're gonna get us in deep shit!
What's she doing?
It's the kidnap woman -- the one who was with the guy who tied us up.
What are you going to do with us?
That's him.
I told you that fuckhead Mason would get us into something like this.
Uh so that a vaccine can be developed that will uh allow mankind to reclaim the surface of the earth.
So that...???
To find out where the virus is so a qualified scientist can travel back into the past and study the original virus.
And your only goal is...???
That the virus was taken from Philadelphia to San Francisco then to New Orleans Rio de Janeiro Rome Kinshasa Karachi Bangkok then Peking.
Meaning...???
San Francisco New Orleans Rio de Janeiro Rome Kinshasa Karachi Bangkok then Peking.
And it appeared sequentially after that in...?
It was released in Philadelphia probably on June 14 1995.
Let's consider again our current information -- if the symptoms were first detected in Philadelphia on June 28 1995 that makes us know that...?
I got into trouble.  I got arrested. But I still got you a specimen -- a spider -- but I didn't have anyplace to put it so I ate it.  It was the wrong year anyway so I guess it doesn't matter.
Forced you!  Why would someone force you to take drugs?
They forced me to take drugs.
I think it was...I'm sure it was 2nd Street.
It's important to observe everything.
I'll get the tickets and meet you... in the Gift Shop.
Right!  You're right.  I have to fix this.
James if we're identified they're going to send us someplace...but not to Key West!
I was here...as a kid.  I think you were here too.  But you...looked just like you look now.
They may be looking for us James.  Use this.  You can fix it in the Men's Room.
Airports all look the same.  Maybe it's...  James!  Your moustache!  It's slipping.
I know this place! ... This is my dream.
That's what they were up to!  Freeing animals!
I remember you...like this.  I feel I've known you before.  I feel I've always known you.
I mean in my dream -- I didn't realize it was you.  Then...I woke up and I...I thought you were gone.
Well you look pretty different too.
You were in my dream just now.  I didn't recognize you.
In a few weeks it will have started or it won't.  If there are still baseball games and traffic jams armed robberies and boring TV shows -- we'll be so happy we'll be glad to turn ourselves in to the police.
But maybe I'm wrong.  Maybe you're wrong.  Maybe we're both crazy.
So we can stick our heads out the window and feel the wind and listen to the music.  So we can appreciate what we have while we have it.  Forgive me psychiatrists don't cry.
Why are we doing this?
Flowers!  What flowers?
If we can't change anything...because it's already happened then we ought to at least smell the flowers.
I have seen it but I don't remember this part.  Funny it's like what's happening to us like the past.  The movie never changes -- it can't change -- but everytime you see it it seems to be different because you're different -- you notice different things.
Shh -- don't talk.  Hold still.
I think I've seen this movie before. When I was a kid.  It was on TV.
They got your message Kathryn.  They played it for me.  It was a bad recording...distorted.  I didn't recognize your voice.
You... you couldn't have heard me.
I couldn't resist.  I was so relieved. Wait'll they hear this nutty woman telling them...they better watch out for the Army of the Twelve Monkeys...
You... you left them a message?
No superiors!  No scientists.  No people from the future.  It's just a Carpet Cleaning Company.  They have voice mail -- you leave a message telling them when you want your carpet cleaned.
A Carpet Cleaning Company?
It's a Carpet Cleaning Company...
I...I...We need cash James.
You want me to rob him?
James...do you remember...six years ago...you had a phone number!  You tried to call and...
I want to be here.  In this time.  With you.  I want to become...become a whole person.  I want this to be the present. I want the future to be unknown.
Well I can't. ... I mean...I'm trying to.  I can't believe that everything we do or say has already happened that we can't change what's going to happen that I'm one of the three billion people who are going to die...soon.
You said I had delusions -- that I created a world -- you said you could explain everything...
You had a bullet from World War One in your leg James!  How did it get there?
...I had a dream about...something like that.
What does this mean to you?
IT WASN'T A TV SHOW!  IT WAS REAL!
I think I saw a TV show like that when I was a kid.  Where a boy...
James you said he was hiding in the barn...
It was?  I didn't...know.
The boy in the well.  How did you know that was just a hoax?
I don't know -- I don't remember.
You disappeared!  One minute you were there the next minute you were gone. Did you run through the woods?
No not really.  It's...it's in my mind.  Like you said.
Just like that?  You were in prison?
I thought I was in...prison again.
Okay...you were standing there looking at the moon...you were eating grass... then what?
You mean treat me?  Cure me?  Kathryn those words on the wall -- I've seen them before...  I...I...dreamed them.
We're avoiding the police until I can....talk to you.
I don't understand what we're doing.
No I want to turn myself in.  Where is he?  Don't worry -- it's all okay now.  I'm not crazy any more!  I mean I am crazy mentally divergent actually but I know it now and I want you to help me.  I want to get well...
James!  That's a policeman.  Pretend you don't know me.  If he sees you...
No gun!  Stars!  Air!  I can live here.  Breathe!
You're sure?
The gun! ... I lost it
Give me the gun.
It would be great if I'm crazy.  If I'm wrong about everything...the world will be okay.  I'll never have to live underground.
First it's important that you surrender to them instead of them catching you running.  Okay?
I need help all right.  They're coming after me.
It can be dealt with but only if you want to.  I can help you.
Nobody is going to wipe out the human race.  Not you or Jeffrey or anybody else.  You've created something in your mind James -- a substitute reality. In order to avoid something you don't want to face.
Jeffrey Mason said it was my idea about the virus.  And suddenly I wasn't sure.  We talked when I was in the institution and it was all...fuzzy. The drugs and stuff.  You think maybe I'm the one who wiped out the human race?  It was my idea?
What made you think that?
Yeah sort of I guess.  I...I'm sorry I locked you up.  I thought...I thought... I think maybe I am crazy!
See -- you can drive after all!
No!  I...don't think so.  I stole a car and they chased me.  I hit a tree.
What have you done?  Did you...kill someone?
You have to give yourself up you know.
You smell so good.
That has your name on it.  Give him cash.
No.  I want you to turn yourself in James -- It'll go much better for you if you do -- but I'm not going to trick you.
You were going to run out off gas on purpose weren't you?
It was some kind of...war.  Never mind you wouldn't believe me.  Turn off here.
Shot!  Who shot you?
I got shot.  Look -- there's a gas station up ahead.
What's the matter with your leg?
I said I was too young to drive.  I didn't say I was stupid.
I thought you didn't know how to drive.
We need gas.
And he told you then his father was a famous virologist.
The guy was a total fruitcake.
You know Dr. Mason's son Jeffrey Mason don't you James?  You met him in the County Hospital six years ago.
All I see are dead people.  Everywhere. What's three more?
Jeffrey Mason?
Lock it now!
James why don't we...?
I told you what I want.  Lock the door!
I've got one now.
You didn't have a gun before did you?
I did him a favor.  Now come on.
Oh Jesus James!  You killed him!
Uh no.  Yes.  I mean just some scrapes...
Are you hurt?
The man...with the voice.  I recognized him.  He's from the present.  He...
Who's keeping an eye on you?
They're keeping an eye on me.
Look I'm warning you.  You do anything I'm going to go crazy -- hurt people!
Nevermind.  It's not real -- it's a hoax.  A prank.  He's hiding in a barn. Hey turn left here.  Left!
What do you mean -- when you were a kid?
When I was a kid I identified with that kid down there alone in that pipe...a hundred feet down -- doesn't know if they're going to save him.
Does that disturb you James?  Thinking about that little boy in the well?
I just have to locate the virus in its original form before it mutates.  So scientists can come back and study it and find a cure.  So that those of us who survived can go back to the surface of the earth.
What will you do...when you find this...secret army?
A secret army.  The Army of The Twelve Monkeys.  I've told you about them. They spread the virus.  That's why we have to get to Philadelphia.  I have to find them -- it's my assignment.
Clues?  What kind of clues?
My notes.  Observations.  Clues.
You're flushed.  And you were moaning. I think you're running a fever.  What are you doing?
No I think it was always you.  It's very strange.
It wasn't me before James.  It's become me now because of...what's happening.  Please untie me.
You were very upset.  You're always very upset in the dream but I never knew it was you before.
And I was in it?  What did I do?
About an airport...before everything happened.  It's the same dream I always have -- the only one.  I'm a little kid in it.
We dream about what's important in our lives. And I seem to have become pretty important in yours.  What was the dream about?
You were in my dream just now.  Your hair was different but I'm sure it was you.
Ohhhh that one!  Can we hear that one?
Did something terrible happen to you when you were a child?  Something so bad...?
Something bad.  Is that all the music? I don't want to hear this stuff...
Everybody's got a gun.  In this city...
You'd prefer that? ... James...you don't really have a gun do you.
It's the next step.  I checked out the Baltimore information it was nothing. It's Philadelphia that's where they are the ones who killed everyone.  Zs that a radio?  Does it play music?
Yes I remember.  Why do you want to go to Philadelphia?
You told me you'd help me.  I know this isn't what you meant but...I was desperate... no money...bum leg... sleeping on the streets. I probably smell bad.  Sorry about that. But then I saw your book in a store window with a notice about your lecture.  I can read remember?
I can't believe this is a coincidence Mr. Cole.  Have you been...following me?
1989.  Six years for you.  There's the sign!  Right here!
Cole!  James Cole!  You escaped from a locked room six years ago.
I have to do this James.  You're very confused.
No more drugs.  Please...
It's just a shot to calm you.
Wait!  This is only 1989!  I'm supposed to be leaving messages in 1995.  It's not the right number yet.  That's the problem.  Damn!  How can I contact them?
I have the...strangest feeling I've met you before...a long time ago perhaps. Were you ever...?
James where did you grow up?  Was it around here?  Around Baltimore?
No.  That's the reason they chose me -- I remember things.
Perhaps it was a wrong number...
It was some lady.  She didn't know anything.
1995 is the future James.  This is 1989.
No 1995 is the past.
You think it's July of 1995?  That's the future James.  Do you think you're living in the future?
What year do you think it is?
What year is it?
Do you know what year it is?
This is April right?
Why do you think there aren't any germs in the air James?
I have to go.
You're afraid of germs?
It's so clean.  No germs.
What's wonderful about the air James?
I love this air.  This is wonderful air.
Underground.
A jail?  Prison?
I have to go.
You've been in an institution haven't you James?  A hospital?
You wouldn't understand.
Why not?  Most people have some ID.
You don't have a driver's license James?  Or a Social Security card?
They wanted identification.  I don't have any identification.  I wasn't trying to hurt them.
I see.  You don't remember assaulting a police officer...several officers?
Because I'm a good observer.  Because I have a tough mind.
Do you know why you're here James.
I need to go.
Change what?
It won't help you.  You can't do anything about it.  You can't change anything.
What kind of information?
No not possible.  Listen I have to get out of here.  I'm supposed to be getting information.
Have you been a patient at County? Have I seen you someplace?
I need to go now.
Mr. Cole?  My name is Doctor Railly. I'm a psychiatrist.  I work for the County -- I don't work for the police. My only concern is your well being -- do you understand that?
So you could talk to these scientists and they do what?  Send you to the future?
Scientists.  I'm supposed to report in to them.  They'll want to know they sent me to the wrong time.
Who would you call Mr. Cole who would straighten everything out?
No!  Look I don't belong here!  What I need to do is make a telephone call to straighten everything out.
Does this bother you Mr. Cole?
Listen you dumb fuck!  The thing mutates We live underground!  The world belongs to the fucking dogs and cats.  We're like moles or worms.  All we want to do is study the original...
Bulishit!  You're fucking with my head!
Plan?  What are you talking about?
I get it!  This is your old plan right?
I don't have time to go upstairs.  The police are looking for me.  I need to know where it is and exactly what it is.
I just need to have access to the pure virus that's all!  For the future!
We need to talk.  Come on.  Upstairs.  I am a new person!  I'm completely adjusted.  Witness the tux.  It's Armani.  Who chattered?  Goines?  Weller?
Listen to me -- I can't do anything about what you're going to do. I can't change anything.  I can't stop you.  I just want some information...
Monkeys.  Twelve of them.
Excuse me -- what did you say?
I'm here about some monkeys.
That would be totally out of character. Helping people is against my principles.  See he definitely doesn't know me.  Now I'm going to go back and listen to my father's very eloquent discourse on the perils of science WHILE YOU TORTURE THIS INTRUDER TO DEATH.
You do know me.  You helped me once.
Never saw him before in my life.  Go ahead and shoot him or torture him or whatever it is you do.
Wooooo they really dosed you bro. Major load!  Listen up -- try and get it together.  Focus!  Focus!  The plan! Remember?  I did my part.
What....???
A lawsuit?  You going to sue them?
It's private.
What're you writing?  You a reporter?
You know -- your plan.
What are you talking about???
Look at those assholes they're asking for it!  Maybe people deserved to be wiped out!
Not as bad as what they're doing to kitty.
They hurt you!
I've managed to contact certain underlings evil spirits secretaries of secretaries and assorted minions who will contact my father. When he learns I'm in this kind of place he'll have them transfer me to one of those classy joints where they treat you...properly. LIKE A GUEST!  LIKE A PERSON!  SHEETS! TOWELS!  LIKE A BIG HOTEL WITH GREAT DRUGS FOR THE NUT CASE LUNATIC MANIAC DEVILS...
What's that mean?
Why don't I escape that's what you were going to ask me right?  'Cause I'd be crazy to escape!  I'm all taken care of see?  I've sent out word.
If you know how to escape why don't you...?
Of course not I never thought you were. You want to escape right?  That's very sane.  I can help you.  You want me to don't you?  Get you out?
I'm not crazy.
A telephone call?  That's communication with the outside world!  Doctor's discretion.  Hey if alla these nuts could just make phone calls it could spread.  Insanity oozing through telephone cables oozing into the ears of all those poor sane people infecting them!  Whackos everywhere!  A plague of madness.  In fact very few of us here are actually mentally ill.  I'm not saying you're not mentally ill for all I know you're crazy as a loon.  But that's not why you're here.  Why you're here is because of the system because of the economy.  There's the TV.  It's all right there. Commercials.  We are not productive anymore they don't need us to make things anymore it's all automated.  What are we for then?  We're consumers.  Okay buy a lot of stuff you're a good citizen. But if you don't buy a lot of stuff you know what?  You're mentally ill! That's a fact!  If you don't buy things...toilet paper new cars computerized blenders electrically operated sexual devices...  SCREWDRIVERS WITH MINIATURE BUILT-IN RADAR DEVICES STEREO SYSTEMS WITH BRAIN IMPLANTED HEADPHONES VOICE- ACTIVATED COMPUTERS AND...
I need to make a telephone call.
What'd they give you?  Thorazine?  How much?  Learn your drugs -- know your doses.
Who am I supposed to shoot?
They gave you a pardon man.  Whatdaya want?
It's about obeying about doing what you're told.
This part isn't about the virus is it?
The call I just made?  Five minutes ago?
The phone call man.  The phone call.
How did you find me?
Me?  Are you kiddin?  You're the one! You were a hero man.  They gave you a pardon!  And whadda you do?  You come back and fuck with your teeth!  Wow!
Pulling out the tooth man that was nuts!  Here take this.
Jo...Jose????
Cole!  Oh God Cole where are we?
But you know what's real now?
I couldn't call!  You sent me to the wrong year!  It was 1989.
It's a digital reconstruction of a message Cole from a weak signal on our contact number.  Did you make that call?
Uh that message...me?
Well the guard woke me up.  He told me I volunteered.
I asked you why did you volunteer?
We'll get to the spider later Mr. Cole.  Right now we want to know everything that you saw.
I mashed the spider didn't I?
Kathryn you know he can't possibly know that.  You're a rational person. You're a trained psychiatrist.  You know the difference between what's real and what's not.
For God sakes Owen listen to me -- he knew about the boy in Fresno and he says three billion people are going to die!
He kidnapped you Kathryn.  You saw him murder someone.  You knew there was a real possibility he would kill you too.  You were under tremendous emotional stress.
Then are you trying to tell me that a fully sedated fully restrained patient somehow slipped out that vent replaced the grill behind him and that he's wriggling through the ventilation system right now?
He was fully sedated!
You see what I mean?  You're being defensive.  Isn't she being defensive Bob?
I said it was bad judgment!  What else do you want me to say?
Two policemen were already in the hospital and now we have an orderly with a broken arm and a Security Officer with a fractured skull.
Okay it was bad judgment.  But I have the strangest feeling about him -- I've seen him somewhere and...
He should have been in restraints.  It was bad judgment on your part plain and simple.  why not just cop to it?
I didn't think I was being defensive. I was just...
Don't be defensive Kathryn this isn't an inquisition.
THIS IS A FUCKING EXPERIMENT!  YOU'RE OUR HELPLESS LITTLE TEST ANIMAL DADDY. GOT THAT?  NOW -- WHAT FUCKING VIRUS HAVE YOU COME UP WITH YOU DEMENTED FUCKING MANIAC?
Please tell me Jeffrey what exactly are you going to do?  I don't have to tell you I'm afraid.
You're insane Jeffrey.
What virus are we talking about Dad?
She knew about it Jeffrey.  She knew you were going to try this.
What...virus?
Then how come she knows what's going on?
That woman is...was...your... psychiatrist?  And now she's spray- painting our building?
Ex-psychiatrist!  Now what about flashlights?  How many flashlights...?
WHY DON'T WE FORGET MY GODDAMN PSYCHIATRIST AND DEAL WITH THE TASK AT HAND.  THIS IS IMPORTANT.
No!  Absolutely not. Don't tell me anything.
You really want to know?
One dozen bolt cutters!  Whadda you gonna do with one dozen bolt cutters?
I'll be right here...just in case.
No thank you.
James Cole.  That's everything we got.  None of the James Coles on the computer match him. No license no prints no warrants.  Nothing. You want me to go in with you?
Yes please.  You said he gave a name...
You want to go in?  Examine him?
That would explain the bruises I guess.  The struggle.
Were you listening?  We got two officers in the hospital.  Yeah he's in restraints plus the medic gave him enough stellazine to kill a horse.  Look at him!  Still on his feet.
You have him in restraints.
Negative for drugs.  But he took on five cops like he was dusted to the eyeballs.  No drugs.  You believe that?
He's been tested for drugs?
-- so they get there and they ask the guy real nice for some kind of i.d. and he gets agitated starts screaming about viruses. Totally irrational totally disoriented doesn't know where he is what day it is alla that stuff.  All they got was his name.  They figure he's stoned out of his mind it's some kinda psychotic episode so they're gonna bring him...
Twelve Monkeys honey.  Guess you folks didn't turn on your radio this morning.
What?  What did you say?
On your normal mornin' okay plenty a time but today gotta take inta account your Army-of-the-Twelve-Monkeys factor.
Tight?  My watch says 7:30.
Might be tight.
Nine thirty
Jesus Christ.  I know who the dominant personality is.  Lindenmeyer.
I've discovered something about Lindenmeyer'5 Maestro teaching tool I thought you should know...  The harm done to the music students who used the device  it was not by accident. The machine was designed explicitly for that purpose. Lindenmeyer intended to hurt the kids using it.
I'm sorry I thought you were somebody else.
Me? What did I do?
You son-ofabitch I'm going to kill you.
Look I feel bad about this so I'm going to try to look into the programming of his Maestro teaching tool for you.  ) I've had one sitting around for years. Maybe I can learn something that you'll find useful.
It's not your fault. We appreciate you trying.
It was very wellhidden. There was no way to see it until it was too late.
I accidently triggered a protection mechanism which erased the entire program.
In English please.
) There is one program with approximately 1.3 million lines of programming. It is thoroughly secured which is not surprising considering Lindenmeyer created it.
Can you tell us what's on the disc?
) Daryl Lindenmeyer was only here briefly one semester at most. But he was singularly the most brilliant student I ever had in a classroom. He created programs so beautiful so lyrical they were almost like symphonies...
You already have staked your reputation.  Mayor Bennett and I have been friends a long time. Since Grimes tried to kill him it doesn't take a rocket scientist to come to the conclusion that Sid 6.7 might go after him too.  Bennett's Re-Election Rally is tomorrow night and we already have enough trouble on our hands with one psychotic on the loose.  The fail-safe online yet?
Do I need to remind you what happened to his wife? To his daughter?  I will stake my reputation that Barnes didn't kill those guards.
He would slaughter eight people sitting in a room but not two prison guards?
Barnes wouldn't kill two innocent guards.
I wish we could hear them.
I don't know.
Why would they be going there?
Madison lives two blocks from their present location.
What are they doing in Los Feliz?
But only you will know he's not human.
There's already a task force out looking for Lindenmeyer. Every other officer in the city will be hunting Sid right along with you.
Yes or no Mr. Barnes?
If you try to run I'll hunt you down and kill you myself.
This is the newest technology approved for general implementation. It's called a locater implant. Every parolee gets one.  We're going to know where you are every second for the rest of your life.
Catch him and your record's clean.
Recognize this? How would you like your old job back?
You mean a nanotech synthetic organism.
We don't know how but Sid 6.7 made himself into an android.
Why wasn't I told?
My first two pairs of convicts suffered the same fate.
If you're lying I'll hunt you down and kill you myself.
On my life I promise you I will.
When this is over will you get this goddam thing out of my head?
Then I guess we're even.
She saved your life Parker. She didn't have to but she did.
You sonofabitch. How could you let them put the implant in my head? How?
Don't worry they have no idea where you are.
Where's my gun?
Sid 6.7 is now armed.
Their weapons missing?
Officers in Toluca Lake just found an affluent couple...completely gutted.  So were the first two cops to arrive on scene.
Fine  you want to stay here?
She wasn't part of the deal Cox.
This is the personnel file on the programmer Lindenmeyer. There might be something in it you can use.
What she's going to do is get in my way.
She's going to help you understand what makes Sid 6.7 tick.
If you can catch him.
Jesus Christ.  Can you kill it?
Name was Clyde Reilly. Hardware specialist.  LETAC surveillance cameras got a picture of the perp as he left the building.
I've seen worse.
These were taken inside LETAC an hour ago. Pretty pictures aren't they?
It's too early in the morning for me to be cordial. You got any coffee?
Parker Barnes I'd like you to meet Crime Czar Elizabeth Deane.
You're wasting your time. I'm not going to play any more of your goddam games.
Do me a favor  keep sending them.
What about them?
You know those cheesy Christmas cards of your family under that tree in your back yard you keep sending me every year?
Don't give up Parker. Not ever.
But with the six months off I get for being your guinea pig I've only got to survive another 17 years 5 months and 23 days.
I'm getting by.
Before you nobody else had gotten close enough to Sid 6.7 to take a shot at him. Hell nobody else had even been able to start tracking him before he got to them first.  New scar  you making it okay in there?
Real my ass. It's an overblown game.  Anybody ever catch that fucking psycho?
You were supposed to act as if everything was real.
He was a computer program for crissake.
What the hell did you have to shoot the busboy for?
Donley started experiencing the attack for real. If I hadn't gotten you out the same thing would have happened to you.  You may not believe this Parker
Why'd.. .you pull me out?
You all right?
Give me 30 seconds then flip every switch you can reach.
I don't set policy.  You have the key?
Why didn't anybody tell me?!
I need your help--
I think we both know who did.  What's so urgent?
There is no way Parker killed those guards. No way.
Captain I'm afraid of how smart Sid 6.7 is.  But I'm even more afraid of what's he's becoming.
You think he's smart?
I'm not sure. My guess is that's what Sid wants us to think.
Don't blame yourself. In your shoes I don't think I would have told Parker either.  So do you think Grimes has become the dominant personality?
I should have told him.
In other words we collectively don't know shit.
Until we know what new influences are affecting him we can't be sure.
None. He could be hiding he could be helping Sid or could be in little pieces on Santa Monica beach.  Any idea what Sid's going to do next?
Any sign of Lindenmeyer?
... illegal search of Lindenmeyer' s duplex. Eleven civilian vehicles damaged or destroyed. Twentyfour citizen complaints. And the calls are just starting to come in...  I forgot what it's like to have you on the streets.
I understand the risks involved here. But there is nobody better qualified to go after Sid 6.7 than Barnes. And there is nobody who knows him better than you. If a situation becomes volatile you will find a way to quell it. I have complete confidence in you.
The man played judge jury and executioner with eight people's lives. He lost control and is capable of doing it again.
Not if you're with him every step of the way.
Letting a lunatic like Parker Barnes loose in the free world is like lighting a fuse. At some point he will go off -- you saw what happened in the simulator. The risk to the public is unacceptably dangerous.
That's also where Mr. Barnes lost his arms to Mathew Grimes' booby trap. What's your point Dr. Carter?
You're going to put your theories to practice. I'm sending you into the field.
What's the assignment?
We have an emergency situation which requires somebody with expertise in criminal psychology. Under the authority vested in me by the President I'm giving you temporary reassignment.
Ms. Deane you wanted to see me?
Don't forget convict if this psycho isn't stopped you go right back to rotting in a prison cell.
Or what you'll authorize my death a second time today?
This better not be a wild goose chase.
You're the highest law enforcement official in the country. Use the fucking army if you need to.
You know how much man power you're talking about?
Sid is smart enough to know you'd check everywhere in the immediate area. Whatever the device is he's probably got it timed to move into position just before it detonates.  Have the demo teams check every subway tunnel water pipe gas pipe and sewer pipe that goes under over or into the arena.
Demolition teams have searched everywhere in and around the hotel. I don't know where...
If I were you I'd get every demolition team in the city searching in and around the Biltmore Hotel.
Enough to level an entire city block.
No but I've confirmed the reelection rally is the target.  How much C-4 is missing?
It's already been called off. Witnesses confirmed you weren't the shooter.  Did you find out where the bomb is?
Call off the manhunt looking for me. I didn't kill the transport guards.
What did you find out?
Trying to find out where the bomb is. Where the hell have you been?
Barnes where the hell have you been?!
How do you know I won't run?
If Sid 6.7 hasn't killed you we throw you back in here and you serve out the rest of your sentence.
What happens if I can't catch him?
This is a full pardon. It authorizes your immediate release.
Not from in here.
Think you can do it?
Nobody else ever got anywhere near him. Nobody else... understands him like you do.
Only because I got pulled out early.
I watched your simulation Mr. Barnes. Very impressive. You know you're the only one to ever go up against Sid 6.7 who is still alive.
Neither will the public.  The media has caught wind of his pardon. Unless Mr. Barnes starts giving me some tangible results I'm going to put him back in his cage.
It makes me nervous just seeing him in a uniform.  I will never forget the first time I saw the photos from the crime scene.
I was assured the problem was corrected.
Simulations are supposed to give participants practice in realistic dangerous scenarios while protecting them from the risks they are exposed to in the real world.
Lindenmeyer developed neural connectors that tap directly into the nervous system. If the simulator isn't calibrated properly experiencing death in this level of VR is like experiencing death within a dream. The experience becomes real.
What the hell happened?
Don't remind me.
Barnes used to work for him when he was still a cop in the field remember?
What did Cox pull him out early for?
As a matter of fact I do.
He hears...everything.
How does he know who I am?
I understand... I understand perfectly.
You are to turn over the Sid 6.7 program and all its documentation for immediate destruction. Is that understood?
You've had a yearandahalf to make all the adjustments you want Lindenmeyer.  ) Elizabeth Deane does not give second chances. Neither do I. You're fired.
I'm still making adjustments...
Of the six prison inmates you've tested  all of whom have had at least some military or survival training - only Mr. Barnes is still breathing.
The reason you insisted on testing my system with prisoners is because of the increased risks involved with increased realism.
You embarrassed me in front of the highestranking law enforcement official in the country.  Do you have any idea how much money you just cost me?
What I need is a nymphomaniac.
You need a maid.
I know.  I'm ready to incubate something a little more advanced than a coldblooded reptile. If you want to experience the future meet me in my office in 15 minutes. And bring the Sheila 3.2 character module with you...
Amazing. I hate to say it but it is.
... and you get nanodeath.  Don't worry I've got a bunch of other ones.
Separate the character module from the neural net...
How do you kill it?
As far as the public is concerned it is. The reason you got fired and I got my second demo into production is I'm a lot smarter than you. I never give my best stuff away.
This is supposed to be years away.
It's better than real. It's synthetic flesh. Synthetic blood. Synthetic organs...  It's a physiological machine.
It feels so.. .real.
Coordinated by polymer neural net.
It's nanotechnology isn't it? Machines the size of molecules...
Watching your VR people Auto Reset gave me the idea.
You're...such a wimp.
Get that fucking thing away from me!
Bastard...  Sheila don't go anywhere. I'll be right back.
Do I get to see it or not?
I haven't been working on anything.
Show's over unless I get to see what you've been working on after hours.
Then fix it.
If I don't adjust the level of neural information each side of his brain is receiving he won't be able to walk when I take him out of VR.
Talk so I can understand.
He's developing a hemisphere imbalance.
Turn it down!
I wonder how that...
Show me his physical sensory level.
How should I know?
What's wrong with Parker?
I told you this would work.. By setting back the clocks he has absolutely no idea he's in virtual reality. He still thinks he's in the real world.
Don't worry. Through me you will live forever...
I'm begging you...please don't kill me! Please!
You made me a composite of 183 of the most vicious people who ever lived.  What do you think I'm doing?
Help me get out of here.
How can I ever thankyou for bringing me back to life a second time Daryl?
Of course you are.
I am beautiful aren't I?
What do you expect me to do thank him?
SID  NO!!!
I think I understand what you have in mind...
You catching my drift?
All my work is my finest.
She's some of your finest work Daryl.
I had something a little different in mind.  Instead of just playing Peeping Tom with Reilly why don't you get him to show you what he's been working on after hours?
What do you expect me to do put your character module in my pocket and just walk you out of here?
Which God would that be the one who created me or the one who created you?  In your world the Lord giveth and the Lord taketh away. But in my world the one who gave me life doesn't have the balls to stop a couple of bureaucratic assholes from taking it away.
I couldn't just let them make you bring down my degree of difficulty. I'm a triple-twisting double back flip off the high platform not a swan dive.
You amped the neural connectors back up didn't you?  You're the reason the convict died. You're the reason I got fired!
It was me what?
It was you wasn't it?
True genius is rarely rewarded within its lifetime.
All they want to produce around here is mediocrity!
Think hard -- it'll come to you...
Should I have?
Did you recognize the son-of-a bitch who got away?
Don't be angry with me Daryl.
You won't want to watch. Turn around.
What do we do now?
Then shoot him already.
I couldn't tell you.
How's your pulse?
Lindenmeyer never got over wanting to kill kids with more musical than he had...
Where the hell are you going?
I don't know.
My guess is dead.
Lindenmeyer?
More or less.
...I think so...You?
Because this painintheass criminal psychology expert has helped me understand what I'm capable of. And what I'm not.  And better than anyone else I am capable of stopping Sid 6.7.
That's why I'm asking.
You don't know?
You've already fulfilled the terms of your pardon. You stopped Sid 6.7 and you've got his module. You're free to go  right now.  Why are you going to do this?
You mean there's something you haven't asked me?
Can I ask you something?
A bomb's going off tomorrow night but I have no idea where.
Find out anything?
I'm not sure...on the bridge...the guy at the payphone...
See something?
That or living through him...
Think he's keeping track of his creation?
If we find Sid Lindenmeyer won't be far behind.
Part of him is.
Sid 6.7 isn't Grimes.
I told you before Grimes liked to be obvious.
The rally's a little obvious as a target don't you think?
I was wrong.  And I was wrong not to tell you Grimes was part of Sid. I should have told you. I won't make the same mistake again.
I pose an unacceptable danger to the public remember?
You're not capable of it.
Sid 6.7 told me after he killed the two guards. He suggested I kill you rather than him.
How did you find out about the toxin?
You knew the entire time? Can you give me one good reason why I shouldn't kill you right now?
He didn't know about the neural toxin.  I did.
They're going to fry me for it anyway.
We know you didn't kill those guards.
No! Grimes isn't back. He's only one part of Sid. Sid 6.7 is a hell of a lot worse than Grimes ever was.  Get a hold of yourself!
Grimes is back! He's back! He's come back!!!
If you're gonna do it better do it now.
Parker - stop! STOP! Don't make me shoot you
Authority still makes me nervous.
You could have just flashed him your badge you know?
Real effective security...
You like baseball?
It's not just Sid 6.7's performances that are increasing. Stars need bigger and bigger audiences.  Whatever Sid is going to do next it's going to involve media.
I don't know yet. What we do know is his performances are increasing in scale not decreasing.  Whatever it is he isn't finished...
Start of what?
Whatever he was doing here was only the start.
I'm doing the best I can!
What's the problem?
This isn't a game Parker!
You know I am.
Enjoying yourself?
Being on the street's a little different than sitting in an office all day isn't it?
What did you do to those people?
This is my area of expertise.
What the hell's going on?!
Don't get out of the car.
Then why don't you start practicing and keep your mouth shut for a while?
I ruin so many moments by analyzing them when I should just be living them.
Relax. I know what you meant.
Dammit I hate sounding so clinical all the time. All I meant to say was I thought you were doing well but then I...
Don't worry about it all right?
You know considering you've only been out of prison for seven hours you're readapting quite well.  Wait I didn't mean that the way it sounded. I meant...
I forgot what real coffee tastes like...
Then all we can do is stay mobile and alert. He's got to make a move sometime and we've got to be ready when he does.  Welcome to police work. You better like coffee.
What I do know is that whatever he's becoming Sid 6.7 is going to be even worse than he was before.
Sounds to me like a welleducated way of saying you have no idea what to do next.
Now that he's in the real world there are no longer limitations on his behavior like there were in virtual reality. Sid is going to evolve.
What does that mean?
Sid 6.7 is no longer bound by his programming.
You should practice lying more often. You're awful at it.  Where to?
I told you it was on the way and I wanted to change clothes.
Want to tell me the real reason we stopped at your house?
Thank-you.  Her name is Karin.
She's beautiful you know?
I prefer keeping my professional life separate from my personal life.
Why didn't you tell me you had a daughter?
How did you get your hand out?
Told you I wasn't going to go anywhere.
And I'm going to make sure of it.  Give me your wrist.
Give me a goddam break. I'm not going to go anywhere alone.
Give me your wrist.
In order to find him we have to understand what makes him tick...
What we need to do is stop playing with computers and go catch the sonof-a-bitch before he kills anybody else.
Dahmer carried the head of one of his victims in a bowling bag for over a week. Kept it in his locker while he was at work in a candy factory.  We need to get a look at Sid 6.7's final profile.
Remember the bowling ball bag Sid carried with him in virtual reality?
As a matter of fact it is.
This is getting you pumped up isn't it? This is like the World Series to you.
But rather than selecting pieces from each individual he simply let the stronger traits of each individual cannibalize the weaker ones.
Creating a whole far more dangerous than the sum of its parts.
Lindenmeyer put increasingly complex combinations of criminal psychological profiles together to develop the ultimate villain.
He's part of the mix. Sid 6.7 is a composite.
Hamlet.  What's David Berkowitz got to do with Sid 6.7?
Who said that?
For murder though it have no tongue will speak with most miraculous organ.
I am impressed.
... here on earth to create havoc and terror. I am War I am death. I am destruction. David Berkowitz 1977.
I am the demon from the bottomless pit...
Just like they figured there was no better person to catch one...
The government must have figured there was no better person to create a psycho than a psycho.
I've been in prison remember?
Remember a few years ago when music schools were using a computerized teaching tool that accidently started frying kids' brains?
I'm still working on it.
I'm surprised you didn't write one about me.
Maybe after they catch him you should write a book about him...
This Lindenmeyer's a real piece of work.
You've studied me now I'm studying you. Seems only fair don't you think?
Checking my pulse. It's elevated.  You enjoy frightening me don't you?
What are you doing?
Do me one favor  if you shoot at anything make sure I'm nowhere near it.
You've got a problem with me carrying a gun?
Every music school in the country rejected him and he turned to computers.  Stay here.
What happened when he was 17?
He had a twin brother who was a musical child prodigy who died in an electrical accident at age eight. Lindenmeyer went into an emotional shell until was 17. All he did day and night was play the violin.
Learn anything from Lindenmeyer's file?
I know who would know.
I've spent over 50 hours interviewing him.  Charlie killed Leno and Rosemary LaBianca because of the ugly way the members of his family had butchered Sharon Tate. After seeing the blood bath on television he wanted to show them how it should be done.  The question is what does Charlie have to do with Sid 6.7?
Charlie? You say that like you're close personal friends.
Whoever did this wanted to do Charlie one better  to improve upon what was already done.
Manson didn't kill the first cops to arrive on the scene.
He was reenacting Charles Manson's LaBianca murders.
Don't worry. If I can't handle it I'll just kill everybody.
You ready for this?
Fine. Never felt better in my life.  See I'm a good liar.
You all right?
Every time I said it it was. I never really thought I was going to make it.
It wasn't a lie.
Every day for the last five years I told myself someday I would be out here again. No more bars. No more guards. No more fights just to stay alive.  Every day for the last five years I told myself that lie.
What you need is a collar.
I don't need a babysitter.
I don't have to do anything except survive. And it's taking everything I've got just to do that.
I need to know what snapped in you. What made you capable of it. You have to make me understand.
It was just like before wasn't it? Wasn't it?  But you are making progress. Instead of killing seven people to get the one you're after this time there was only one other person involved.
Go to hell.
You didn't see the expression you had on your face when you pulled the trigger. But I did.  You kind of liked it didn't you? That thrill of going over the edge again. Of taking out an innocent bystander or two as long as you got the target...
Not much. He was just a computer program. Nothing more.
What was going through your mind when you killed the busboy?
If I had died yesterday you'd have already dissected my brain and analyzed it to see if I carry any genetic predisposition toward violence.
That's not true Parker.
You're not my therapist. You're hear to study me. Face it  I'm nothing more than a lab rat to you.
I know. I was there. I saw the whole thing.  If I was your therapist I would have advised you against putting yourself back into that kind of situation.
In other words par for the course.  How do you feel about the simulation you participated in yesterday?
A little less than yesterday.
No I just like the effect a tape recorder has on you.  How you feeling today?
You actually listen to all those tapes?
BARNES YOU'RE DEAD!
Now is that any way to talk to an old friend?
I really did think I was still in reality. At least until now.  Beam me up Scotty!
What are you talking about?
Thank-you Daryl.  You had me going for quite a while there sport.
I've got some final preparations to take care of Checking his watch he stops suddenly.
Aren't you going to watch with me?
Let's just say I'm sending a very clear message to his ReElection Rally...
You are going after Mayor Bennett.
There you go  best seat in the house.
I thought you liked me being in the audience. Don't you want me to see it?
It's really too bad you have to miss the Grand Finale.
My...secret.
You can't die until you tell me where the C-4 is. Where is it?!
Where did you plant the C-4?!
Let me put it to you this way... whether I'm here... or whether I'm not...I'm leaving an indelible mark on the world tomorrow night.
What C-4...was Cox talking about?
Where did you plant the C-4?!
Let me put it to you this way... whether I'm here...or whether I'm not...I'm leaving an indelible mark on the world tomorrow night.
What C-4...was Cox talking about?
Why's that?
I wouldn't pull the trigger if I were you
You really are pathetic you know that? Mathew Grimes is only one letter in my alphabet. He is nothing compared to me.
DEAD! YOU HEAR ME?
I'm sorry the party you're trying to reach is not answering. Is there anyone else you would like to talk to?
GRIMES YOU'RE DEAD!
Now is that any way to talk to an old buddy? I mean just because I'm carrying around the joy of killing your family inside me doesn't mean we can't be friends.
You...mother...fucker! I'M GOING TO KILL YOU!!!
Who else do you know who touches the world with synthetic hands?
You and me have nothing in common.
I must make them very nervous if they let you out of prison.  You know we have so much in common  we have such history together I've been thinking we should become friends.
The only thing I want to hear is your silence.
The symphony of collision...
Performing solo.  Enjoying the concert so far?
Where's John?
At this stage you either get form or function. You said she wanted function. I gave you function. What are you complaining about?
Do they have to look so...robotic?
Mr. Wallace I could have 10 of them ready by tomorrow.
As long as they keep overpaying me I'll keep overpaying you.  ) Just make goddam sure you can have 10 of them ready for deployment around the city by next month.
As long as you keep overpaying me I'll be the first to go into production on three and four as well.
To the first LETAC engineer to go into production on prototypes.
I'm sure we will.
Well we'll stay in touch... you know.
Well sure.  Didn't you get your orders?
What is this?  A whole new train?
Artemus!  Look at that.  Brand spanking new.  She's a beauty huh?  Let's get rolling.
In the next two minutes?
All right all right... It'll be okay.  I mean eventually it'll just run out of steam.
He was going to shoot me!  Do you mind?!
The machine was stopped!  It seemed like a perfect time to disable it! Why'd you have to throw it into full throttle?!
Oh I see an easy plan!
Pull the balloon right in front of him!  We'll board the damn thing!
Where have you been?
My God!  He's so excessive!
That's... that's the criminal mind about to stomp our sorry butts!
God in heaven what is that?!
My hat is off to you sir.
Of course not.
Are those just button buttons or...?
Well hell maybe we do have a chance.
It was in your book.
Oh well then let's kick some ass!
There's only seventy-eight.
I'd love to stop him but have you noticed the hundred armed men?
We've got to stop him right here now!  With that armored steam engine of his it'll be a slaughter.
I don't have to tell you what that would do to our careers!
I know!  I know!
What?  President Grant is...!
Artemus you ready for this?  His next target is Albuquerque.
My pleasure.
Oh thank you.
Excellent detective work sir.  You should have the honor of going first.
Not likely.  There must be tracks of twenty different wagons.  Freight wagons carriages buckboards...
What if these tracks are just leading us to an Indian village or some old coot's mining claim?
Oh no we split him fifty-fifty.
When we find him he is mine.
You said it popped out too easily. Nothing's ever good enough for you is it?
So the idea is if a guy punches me he really hurts his hand?
I adjusted it.
My disguises have helped me solve many a difficult case.  I spent three years on the stage you know.  Remind me sometime to regale you with my Lear.
And people are actually fooled by that?
This?  I'm testing a new spirit gum to see how it holds.
What is that?
We oughta get a couple of those rockets.  Voom!  We're there before we left!
Relax.  We're almost there.
Damn I wish this thing would go faster.
That rules out Willard Vermont; Willard Minnesota...  Willard New Mexico?
It's a town!
It's not a guy...
Yes.  And a much nicer one than ours.
Sounds like a train.  Looks like a train.
What's this?
You'd think if Loveless is going to kill him he could at least be a prominent citizen.
No record of him.
He's going to put on a pith helmet and kill some guy named Willard.
It's better than nothing.
Oh damn!  That's it.
Shhh!  Come on.  Tell us something!
This is good.
A cylinder recorder.  My own design.
Sure.  It's a wind-up... thing.
Know what this is?
You go ahead.  I'll stick with Loveless.
Come on let's at least see if we can find Dr. Pemberton.
Sure.  We have no idea what's going on.
Can you fill me in here?
You really enjoy yourself don't you?
They're so precious when they're asleep.
I find most criminals slip up somewhere...
Strange... you'd think he'd have this place better guarded.
I thought all you needed were your fists and your gun.
You might have mentioned you had that.
I was six.  And ever since my policy is: Act first and worry later.
Uh... how long ago was this?
Those kids they took my wagon. Never got it back.
So... what happened?
Nothing much to it really.  When I was younger I got into a pretty bad run-in with the Wyler Boys.  I saw them coming.  But I didn't act fast enough.  Second-guessed myself. And it cost me... cost me dearly.
Well... that too.
So... spontaneous.  All that leaping off buildings and Chinese fighting and whatnot.
What way is that?
If you don't mind my asking were you always the way you are?
Which is why we're heading to Houston Texas.  Home of the Loveless Steam Engine Works.
No I'm not all right.  They got away.  And we can't even follow them.  They can get off the tracks anywhere they want.
Jim are you all right?
That's right... That's good.
At least the thing's not that fast. We just follow it.  Whenever it stops we're there waiting.
Damn it this is ridiculous.
Hey I tried the board.
At least I tried something.
It's a repeating steam cannon!
Never seen a gun fire so fast!
I'm going to hit you.
Could I just point out this is a perfect example of the criminal mind exploiting modern invention.
And if they've got Dr. Loveless building weapons like those flying bombs... they just might do it.
Garrison...?  Then the President was right.  Except it's not a foreign power it's a bunch of die- hard Rebels trying to make the South rise again.
That?  Oh it's a kind of Chinese fighting... I was sort of caught once with a lovely Chinese girl out in San Francisco.  Her big brothers were kind enough to teach it to me  I've got a book on it if you're interested.
All that jumping and kicking.
What was all that back there?
Good I wasn't sure you were up to it.
Now what was that?
Come on Jim.  I'm serious.  Dot...  Dash.  It'll be our secret means of communication should we ever need it.
You feeling all right?
Yes.  Now observe....
You know your Morse Code almost as well as I.
Then we've got our proof. Excellent.  And where do we find this fortunate scientist?
All right.  How about this?  We put a watch on this Pemberton somebody tries to grab him...
Whoa Jim.  Maybe.  But we can't arrest this little pillar of society on maybe.
Doctor V. L. Pemberton.  I knew it.  He's a scientist all right. Inventor of the Pemberton Condensed Steam Engine.  I'm telling you Artemus Loveless is our man.
Do your own mingling.  I'm not hanging around with some dandy named Chauncey.
Quite.  Come let's mingle.
That's a lot of butler.
Jim people talk to foreigners speak more openly especially to those as famous as I Chauncey McNeil Armstrong English lyric poet.
Call me that again and you're going to find a boot where it doesn't belong.
Come Llewellyn don't tarry.
My disguise.  And here...
Prepare what?
Doyle once around the park.  I need a moment to prepare.
Absolutely.  Have to look for clues... even if it means dancing with beautiful women.
Limestone quarry Southern mansion. Easy to get them mixed up... I say we invite ourselves to the party.
Limestone quarry?
What about the explosive?
Yes.  Starting with a screw.  Now it's not fair of me to expect someone who's spent his life wrangling with Western desperadoes to fully appreciate what I'm doing here but...
Starting with a screw?
Potentially.  This is the painstaking process of piecing together clues.  The cornerstone of the modern science of criminology.  Piece by piece we reconstruct the identity of the villain.
Is this leading somewhere?
Yes aha.  A brass screw.
I'll work on it.
That should put us ahead of the criminals.
Well... it's the only one I have. It's gotten me out of quite a few tight spots...
Your little jack-in-the-box gun. That might be useful.
All right if it'll make you happy I'll try that.
Good Lord man.  The world is changing.  And mark me it is always the criminal mind that is the first to exploit modern invention.  We as defenders of the right must keep pace!
No offense but all I ever need...  Are these...  And this.
Always hoping.  Or this...
You need that real often?
Attractive buttons yes?  But yank one off toss it and poof!  It emits a cloud of sleeping gas.
Wait a minute.  Now I know where I've heard of you.  You're the gadget guy.
Sorry.  Didn't mean that.  Just a little device of mine...
Then why kidnap them?  Why not just kill them?
A giant... hydraulically operated microscope... that explodes?  Or maybe just someone who hates scientists.
Put them all together and what do we have?
Eight scientists.  Eight different fields of endeavor.  Hydraulics optics ballistics...
Wouldn't dream of it.
But don't pull that again.
If you're implying our little imbroglio has reached an impasse whose only resolution can be found in a more primitive fashion then I for one am fully prepared to do so... al fresco.
You're quite the wordsmith fiddle boy.  But nobody smooth-talks his way into my assignment.
Funny I was just thinking you should do the same.  Since I am already in residence and am obviously the man for the job it's been grand making your acquaintance sir.  And best of luck in all your future endeavors.
Just another bureaucratic foul-up. You know how these pencil-pushers are.  So why don't you just run on back and explain what happened?
Interesting.  Mine say the same thing and they don't mention you not even as a valet although we could talk...
Your train?  Listen friend you're obviously lost.  ... I've got orders here to take possession of this train and to investigate a certain crime.
Congratulations.  Unfortunately my train is about to leave and I really must insist you disembark.
Funny.  So am I.
Valet?  You jest of course.  I am a U.S. Marshal.
I don't mind him but who the hell are you... my valet or something?
Artemus Gordon.  Bach he's the composer.
J. S. Bach.
Like hell!  I'll see it through! Ram the bastard!
Time for you to get off Ma'am.
Well see he had this little wagon when he was a kid...
He's not giving up?
But it only has six legs.
He calls it the Tarantula.
My Lord he was telling the truth!
You didn't tell us you had this on!
You?  Dr. Pemberton?  Of course. How novel.
Terribly sorry.  I'm always sticking this where it doesn't belong.  Federal agents ma'am.  We're rescuing a kidnap victim...
Well let's help them with that. Take the legs.
They don't even realize they should be frightened.
I could get used to this looking down on people.
Wonderful!  Our new friend from the wild west.  Please...
Here.  Mr. Tyler.  He claims a certain skill at handling firearms.
A new friend?
Fine I'll stop.
You know I really hate being toyed with before someone shoots me.
I try.  Please if you promise to protect me I'll testify against him. I'll give you an ironclad case.
You bring the best out in a man.
My.  It's gotten longer.
Really?  Like General Garrison or didn't you hear all that shooting?
She's perfectly safe.
I've had some practice.
You've... done... this... before.
Oh I would hope not.
Would that include me?
Just a little insurance... against the unexpected.
I suppose so.  But life can be hard for a man too.
Thank you.  But the truth is I'm a single woman in a man's world. That leaves me very few choices doesn't it?
Forgive me but you don't strike me as the social secretary type.
I'm not so sure Dr. Loveless would like to find his social secretary dancing in the dark with an uninvited stranger.
You tell me.
Have you taken a wrong turn Mr. Tyler?
I don't like to lose either.
You must excuse the Doctor.  No one has ever beaten him at his little game.
You most certainly do.
Well I owe you one don't I?
Oh don't worry.  I've already overlooked the fact your name's not actually on our guest list.
Yes in a way.  I'm the Doctor's social secretary.  I handle his correspondence send out the invitations you know.
Your guests ma'am?
Well sir you are proving to be one of my more interesting guests.
My... the wild west.
Well where I come from it kind of goes with the territory.  Texas.
Please do.  I'm a man who appreciates a good firearm.
I don't recollect ever being compared to a pistol before.
You know ma'am you remind me of a pearl-handled pistol I once owned. A beautiful thing to look at but too hot to handle.
I get that feeling.  You know Mr. Tyler I'm the kind of woman who doesn't believe men are much more than a complete waste of time. But after spying you across the room I'm tempted to suspend my disbelief at least for the evening.
My name's Tyler.  Frank Tyler. Pleased to meet you ma'am.
I would Mr. Doyle!  Are you game?
Would you be thinking... ramming speed sir?
Doyle's the name sir.  Of the Connemara Doyles.  And there's not a man riding the rails who holds a candle to meself.  That having been said sir you're five minutes late so let's be on our way!  Your friend's already aboard.
That would be correct.  Orders from the President himself.  Trans- portation at your beck and call. No delays.  Although the government's generosity takes me a tad by surprise as well.
Private train?
Your private train sir.
Well Captain then the answer is your train is still here.
Look I'm Captain James West...
A mistake?  To assign this case to the man who blew up all the bridges on the Chattanooga River and single- handedly trapped Jackson's entire cavalry?  How is that a mistake?
Why surely Mr. President there must be some mistake.  I mean...
French?  Damn it I want my own man on this case.  Somebody I trust. Somebody who doesn't mind breaking up the furniture!
Of course sir that's why I've assigned a new man.  And he's no ordinary Marshal.  He's quite sophisticated.  Three college degrees.  A master of disguise. Speaks French...
Listen in two days I'm embarking on a tour of the western territories.  And I want to know at least one problem is being handled competently in my absence.
Well yes sir.  A Professor Morton but with just a little more time sir I can assure you a breakthrough on this case...
Don't try to bamboozle me Colonel. Has another scientist been kidnapped or not?
He didn't.  That's your job.  I'm taking you off that other case until you've nabbed this lunatic. Good luck.  Nice train.  But mine's nicer.
Where'd he say he was going to do this?
On my way to Denver...
... well of course you can.  Mr. President what a surprise.  What brings you here?
And now the job's yours.
Goddamnit!  What am I doing?  What's happened to all my cigars?  Colonel Richards here has had a dozen agents on these cases for over a year.  No arrests no leads no clues...
Part of some speech they wrote for this trip I'm taking.
Nicely said sir.
We find ourselves at the dawn of the Golden Age of Science.  And it is the God-given destiny of this glorious nation to carry the torch that lights the way!
Exactly.  Any number of nations would love to cripple our scientific growth.  And what better way to tip the scales in their favor than by killing off the greatest minds this country has produced.
But what would anyone have to gain from all this...?  Unless it were a foreign power.
Nice to finally meet you sir.
This is Colonel Richards.
Good work.  Really.
That'll be all boys.
Mr. President good to see you again sir.  Sorry about all that.
Easy?  Easy?  On just what grounds should I take it easy!?
So I'm the only one here who can tell the difference between an Emperor and a murderer?
Because I am holding all the western territories hostage Mr. West!  A town a day will disappear!  Willard was merely a test run a stroll in the park.  Next I level all of Albuquerque!  Yes that's right.  Only yesterday I learned what you undoubtedly already know: your own President will be there.  What an added bonus! The gods are shining on me!  After tomorrow every American citizen will rise up and demand I be given back my humble little empire!
Well your highness what makes you think we'll ever sign a treaty with you?
I've even printed my own currency.
Call it what you like.  The point is I was heir to that land Mr. West.  It belonged to my beloved grandmother!  Now I intend to have it back.  My own country!
That would be... the Mexican War?
These lands were taken by force from Mexico in the illegal War of American Aggression.
Exactly!  You are on foreign soil. You are a representative of the occupying forces.  Or haven't you checked a map lately?!
The U.S. is my jurisdiction.
Has it penetrated yours that I'm holding a gun on their leader?
Has it penetrated that adrenaline- addled skull that you are surrounded by seventy-eight of my loyal followers?  You are in my domain!
You got that right.  Now get up. We're walking out of here.
Philistine.
He had a pressing engagement.
Still alive.  Hmm.  I suppose that doesn't bode well for poor Bruno.
Restrain yourself Voltaire.  He's just the sort of coward who would shoot an unarmed giant.
You're not that big.
Dr. Loveless?
... And do give me some room Voltaire.  You're breathing on my head!  I hate it when you breath on my head!
Talk?  About what...?  Oh!  About who you are and all that?
Why don't we just cut this routine short?  Whatever you do to us we're not going to talk.
How embarrassing.  Did I hold up three fingers?
Sir... I believe you have only two barrels.
I deal with some tough customers.
Really?  Must be a dangerous business.
No sir... just a businessman.
Very good sir!  I think my guest might be a sharpshooter by trade.
Thank you.  I confess to a preoccupation with acquiring precisely that which the world says I cannot have.
I must compliment you on Miss Thompson... an exceptionally charming assistant.
When you're three and a half feet tall sir life turns you into a comedian whether you like it or not.... Come with me won't you?
I admire a man with a sense of humor.
You don't know what he's built?! Surely you don't think he kidnapped all those geniuses to have them make something as rudimentary as this.
I beg your pardon?
Now it's a bomb.
It's a smelting retort.
This is something.
He's just full of plans that aren't gonna work out.
He... he's planning to kill us isn't he?
For the moment.  But I fear not for long.  I'm of no use to him now.
Are you all right?
A glass eye?  That's who it was! One-Eyed Jack Garrison.  Otherwise known as General Garrison Confederate Third Army.  I saw him at Dr. Loveless' party but I couldn't place him.  He used to wear an eye-patch.
A Southern gentlemen.  I don't recall his name.  I suppose it's unkind of me to say it but he had the most disconcerting glass eye.
Who was this partner of his?
We'll explain on the way.
Who were they?  What do they want with me?
Gotta get the Doctor someplace safe.
Dr. Pemberton?
Well come on that's half a dozen armed men...
You're not going to use it are you?
In an hour they're gone!
They're rounding up a posse.  Figure an hour?
When are they coming?
They're coming.
The access code's been changed.  Your card won't work anymore.
I would like to use the bathroom --
I can't tell you that.  It is quite urgent.
Why?  What's the problem?
Laurie I'll have to ask you to come with me.
Major Adamson I can't seem to get in the door.
The weather.  I see.  Keep me posted.  I want hourly forecasts and a full report on optimum strike conditions.
We don't really know sir but bluntly our survival capability . . . may depend on a quirk of the weather.
As you can see we may be able to salvage a good-sized chunk of the farm belt.
Thirty minutes maximum.  Of course I assume we'd be in the fortified command bunker at the time of the launch order.
What kind of time frame are we talking about?
Well sir . . . in a worst-case scenario . . . we'd assume that twenty-five percent of the Russian birds get through.
What about our end?
They want in.  Seems our friend here was hardcore CTU.
Washington?
He would -- You might as well know.  It's gonna get messy.  We got a call from Washington.
Small army from the looks of it.  He put up one hell of a fight.
No idea who's behind this?
You oughta see upstairs.  It's a slaughterhouse.
Had a lot of blood in him.
Saw the world that night -- random empty hideous.  God didn't make it that way.  We did.  We make the world -- in our own image.  What else can I illuminate?
That man then he was the first.  The first you --
We don't know that.
God isn't there to do it.
Walter.  This compulsion of yours -- to punish transgressors.  In your mind . . . what gives you the right to judge?
Why doctor.  I did.  He was a bad dog.
And what -- split -- the dog's skull open?
Who is she?  Do you know her?
A whore fucking.
Hnnrr.  -- Like to masturbate.  Shit once a day.
There's no right or wrong.  But if you don't give me an honest response I can't help you.  I want to help you.  I want to know all about you.
Wrong answers?
Walter -- you're just telling me what you think I want to hear.
Don't call me that.
Jon!  Get back!  You don't understand.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING VEIDT?
You mean Afghanistan?  It won't require my attention.  What I'm doing here is far more interesting.
I guess you'll be dismantling Russian tanks soon.
Life and death are unquantifiable abstracts.  They don't concern me.
What's your theory?
Oh?  The CTU suspects a Libyan hit squad.
We've lost a colleague.  The Comedian is dead.
The bearer of bad news.
Hello Adrian.
I see what the watchmaker made.  I see the universe!
Jon -- for Gods sake what do you see?
Space and time.  I finally understand Laurie.  I see it all now.
Veidts complex.
Jon where are we?
The south pole.  Times flowing backwards.
Jon -- what??
Its very strange.  Times flowing backwards . . .
What -- am I --
Jon.  If you ever loved me -- if there's anything human left in you -- then do it.
I explained this.  I can't.  That's not the way it happens.
You have the power to do it.  I want you to do it.  Please.
I won't do that.
Then do me a favor.  If the world's going to end it shouldn't matter a bit.  I want you to cure me.
You're the only human being I care for.
Oh God.  I'm no more than a bug on a windshield to you.
I'm sorry.  Look -- there's a gas storm on the Valles Marineris . . .
Jon I do not want to hear it.
Please Laurie.  Not yet.  I've got eons stretching before me a universe to explore.  I'll be alone.  You're the last human being I'll ever see.
I can't stand any more of this.  I want to go back.  If I'm going to die I want to be with -- other people.
I don't know yet.  I should be able to tell you in -- roughly six hundred years.
Then why don't you . . . do something about it!
Always.  Ever since the day I died.
Then it's going to happen.  The world's going to end.  -- And you've always known.
Memories of the future are just like any others.  I've tried not to dwell on the unpleasant ones . . .  You won't die of cancer Laurie.  There won't be time for that.
But you knew that I'd -- die.
I didn't give you cancer Laurie.  Not you not the others.  I don't know what did.
Yet you must've known all along that you'd give me cancer.  Just be being with me.
Yes I loved you.  I left the earth when I lost you.
Jon -- there's something I have to know.  Did you love me once?
That's how time works Laurie.  Everything is preordained . . . even my responses.  We're all puppets.  I'm just a puppet who can see the strings.  -- Thirty seconds.
Well I just you just said -- don't act surprised.
Then you're sleeping with Dreiberg?
Jon does anybody know what the hell you're talking about?  Dan's just an ordinary guy but he talks to me.  When he looks at me he's seeing something more than just a -- a collection of atoms.
You -- you know about me and Dan?
Yes.  In about . . . thirty seconds for example you'll tell me you're sleeping with Dreiberg.
This whole place is ticking.  Does it -- keep time?
Jesus Jon I nearly choked to -- where are we --
The atmosphere.  I'm sorry.  These things slip my mind.
It will happen Laurie.  I've already seen it.  Neither of us can do anything to change it.
Jon no -- I can't --
In the immediate future we're on Mars.  I'm telling you goodbye. You're trying to convince me to cure your illness . . .
Collect me?
I'm not here.  I'm still on Mars.  I've come to collect you.
. . . And just how would you manage that?
I could stay and go.
Would you like me to stay?
Not yet there's plenty of time.
Is it time?  D'you have to leave for the funeral?
I'm here Laurie.
Yes.  I heard this morning.  Washington's asked me to attend the funeral as a matter of protocol.
Blake?  Dead?
We'd better hope so.  -- It's almost time.
You ruthless son of a bitch.  You really believe this mad-scientist bullshit is going to save the world?
Your problem Dan is a lack of vision.  You spent all those years chasing after muggers and drug dealers and jaywalkers . . . as if the world was any better for it.  As if any of it mattered.
Then Ive been a very bad boy and youll have to spank me.  Christ!  Im doing what I have to do to save the godforsaken human race!!
What if youre wrong??
And what if youre wrong?
Dont be obtuse Daniel.  If I kill Jon in the past none of this will happen.  We wont even be here will we?
I've seen them!  I've seen them in there. 
Adrian -- you've lost it.
It's a tachyon chamber.  It generates subatomic particles which flow backward in time.  There are other worlds Daniel other timelines -- existing parallel to our own --
What is it?  How does it work?
Gentlemen the past.  Unfolding before your eyes.  Stand back from the field.  It'll blow you to bits.
It's not on tape.  It's live.  We're watching it happen.
Good Lord.  How'd you get it on tape?
It is  Jon.  Twenty-four years ago.  Before he turned into Dr. Manhattan.
I couldn't let him interfere with my project.
Uh huh.  You might recognize the names.  Quite a few of them worked at Gila Flats.
The missing scientists.
Yeah.  See I've been working on a little project.  Top secret of course . . .
Thanks for the offer Adrian.  I'll let you know.
Good.  Be careful Daniel don't let up your guard.  Look I'm going to head south for a while -- hole up at Karnak until all this blows over.  You two would be welcome to join me.
She's with me.
I don't know but . . . in the wake of all that's happened I'm starting to think Rorschach may have been right.  Is Laurie okay?
Good night.
You did the right thing Daniel.  Let's stay in touch okay?  Good night.
No.  I just wanted you to --
If he comes here I'll handle him.  Remember -- I've always protected you.  Haven't I?  Do you need money?
He's bound to get caught.  I don't want my name coming out.  Not at this late date.
You know how he is.  He goes on these binges kills a couple of thugs -- then he's satisfied.  It blows over.
I know I know it's just -- he's back on the street he smells blood.
Us.  You mean the Watchmen.
It's -- he's got some kind of conspiracy theory.  He thinks someone's . . . I don't know stalking us.
My God.  Murdered?  -- What's this have to do with Rorschach?
The Comedian.  He's dead.  Murdered.  That's all I know.
We'll tell them what's happened.  They'll listen to reason won't they -- ?
Wherever we are it's better than what we left.  Backs together --
Dan -- what do we do now?
Everything's changed --
Those cars.  What year is this??
Dan is this -- is this New York??
Where did he go?
He saved himself.  He changed the past.
Trying to change the past.  He said it was the only way to save the world --
What was he doing?
What now?  Fly south -- hook up with Adrian?
Welcome back Night Owl.
Will you two lovebirds keep it down?
I beg your pardon . . . ?  Some gratitude.
My God!  We bust him out of jail in the middle of a riot and he stops to take a --
I think he's going to the john.
What's he doing?
. . . What??
Long as we're on the subject of perverts . . .  I miss Rorschach.  Let's spring him.
You're full of yourself.  What are you doing?
It's because there's nothing to be afraid of anymore.  The world's about to end.  I feel like I could save it.
That's because --
No offense Laurie but it was Silk Spectre I had the crush on.  Tonight was the first time I've felt like myself in ten years.
Yes you are.
No way.  I'm not that much of a pervert.
The costumes.  Am I right?
That Detroit shit?  I'm so worried.
They're practically on us . . .
I don't want to take 'em out.  Just want to keep 'em interested.
Missed 'em Dan.  You're aiming high!
All right.  Mission accomplished.
They're following us.
Oh Laurie.  Jesus.  No.
It's a peace rally.  The CTU's just opened fire on the crowd.
What the hell -- ?
This'd better not be what I think it is.
Don't look.  Turn around.
What are you up to?
God you sound like Jon.  -- Turn around.
Me neither.  Mine barely even fits.  The thing is I try to remember why we did it and I can't.  Helping people or righting wrongs or trying to save the world . . . I don't know.  It all seems so abstract.
Dan!  The spare costumes!  I can't believe you kept them.
You and me.
Would you want to sit out a war?  I mean -- what would be left.
Adrian's headed down to his secret retreat.  He invited us to come along.  I've been thinking.  If things do get nasty . . . it wouldn't be a bad place to sit out a war.
Antarctica??
I took her out a couple of summers back.  Scared the hell out of some cows.  -- I wonder if she'd make it down to Antarctica.
-- I thought it was time for a routine maintenance check.
The Owlship.  I can't believe it.
Memory lane.
Enough is enough Daniel.  Where exactly are we?
With any luck the world'll end before we get ours.
I'm an open target Dan.  If you're with me --
I know what you're thinking.  You'd be a lot safer if I weren't around.
-- What is it.
One more down.  Someone tried to kill Adrian.  . . . First time I've ever heard him scared.
Ohh.  I could use some dinner.  Who was that on the phone?
The Comedian . . . Jon . . . now Rorschach.
I just realized.  I'd never seen his face.  I guess it was just a matter of time.  He's totally -- Daniel? What's wrong?
Are you kidding?  If they put him in jail he's dead.  He'll never get to trial.
Eight cops?  Oh great.  A jury's gonna love that.
Pick a record.  I feel like dancing.
. . . What?
Not at all.  You look very -- dashing.  Here you pick one.
I like the way you look.  It's strange with Jon.  He doesn't age.  His face doesn't change. But you Daniel you look . . .
I don't mind getting older.  I'm obsolete anyway.  Why try to hide it?
Sure.  It works.  I mean look at this face Daniel.  I'm thirty-eight years old!
No wonder Adrian's rich.  You use that stuff?
Play one.  Educate yourself.
I'd say you stalled out about forty years ago.  Nellie Lutcher -- Louis Jordan -- I've never even heard of these people.
I told you I was a little bit out of step.  A lot of the old stuff I listen to -- it never came out on crystal.
I'm not his . . . whatever.  Okay?
His . . . whatever.
I'm gonna take a warm bath and sack out.  -- You've been really sweet.  Sleep tight okay?
Oh.  No.  Sorry.  I'll be right down the hall if you want me . . . I mean if you need some aspirin or --
You're sure?
No screw that.  What you were saying before it's absolutely right.  -- I'd love to have you stay.
Laurie wait.  I've got a spare room.  It's empty.  If you'd like . . . LAURIE Oh Daniel thanks but I couldn't.  You'd just be all nervous about --
Dan what are you so scared of?  I mean me I've spent all these years keeping Jon together and now that it's over I feel -- I feel glad.  I'm finally free to to go out and live my own life and --
Maybe not but why take chances?
They're not following me Dan.  I mean -- Jon's gone we're right on the brink of World War III.  Nobody cares about the Watchmen.
You'll find something.  -- I should go.  You and me seeing each other someone might put two and two together . . .
Oh yeah.  They gave me a clean bill of health and then booted me the hell out.  No expense account.  No place to live.
Christ yes I went in for a cancer scan first thing.  Gave me a couple of rough nights I'll tell you . . .  How about you Laurie?
He pulled it on Rorschach . . . and Rorschach dropped him down an elevator shaft.
That's the one.  Whatever happened to him?
Oh yeah.  The one that used to confess to everything?  Hoping we'd beat him up?
Hey.  You remember that nut in the hockey mask?  With the asthma? What was his name . . .
Well that was Adrian's idea.  I know he's the smartest man in the world and all that but -- talk about publicity hounds . . .
Of course we looked like idiots in those bondage outfits.
Damn straight!  We were heroes.
Damn straight.
Okay okay.  You made your choice.  You went underground.  Some of us made other choices.
Fine but the Civil Terrorism Unit?  It's a fucking Gestapo!  Dirty tricks -- political assassinations --
Now wait.  We all had the same option as Blake.  It was work for the government or do time.
Psychotic pig.  He had it coming.  Mr. CTU . . .
Dan are you really that paranoid?  Let's face it Eddie Blake was no Mother Teresa.
Sorry it's this thing with Blake.  I mean you don't really think anyone's out to get us -- do you?
Adrian.  Its too late.  The world is blowing up as we stand here.
. . . And they call me a fucking nut.
Adrian -- you?  You killed Blake and --
He's the one.  He's been the one all along.  Stalking us.
Adrian.  What are you doing?  Why wouldn't you let us in?
Don't know.  Nothing I can think of --  -- outside of a nuclear blast.
What caused it?
The guidance system's fried.  I had to switch to manual.  -- Some kind of massive electromagnetic shockwave.
What happened?
Okay let's just . . . thank you.
Sorry Daniel.  You've always been a good friend.  I know that.  Sorry about Laurie.
SHUT UP Rorschach.
Coward.  Giving up.
Cases leads -- they don't matter Rorschach.  The world's about to end.  If someone is trying to kill us it doesn't matter.
Veidt's assassin.  Leads to follow.  Can't just --
We're running Rorschach.  We've got no place to go.  We're hightailing it down to Adrian's.
I don't think she's coming with us.
Where's Laurie?
Come on Rorschach.  Gimme a break --
How do we know they've got cancer?  Could be part of massive propaganda scheme . . .
Are you saying that someone would risk starting World War III just to get back at us?  What about all those poor shits with cancer?
Obvious pattern -- all ties in --
What do you mean frame-up?
CTU.  Could be behind Dr. Manhattan frame-up.
Blake investigating missing scientists for CTU.  Dr. Manhattan somehow involved . . . 
What new information?
Veidt's a fool.  Tried to warn him about new information.  Sicced his mangy cat on me.
I don't know if you heard.  A hired gunman tried to off Adrian.
Toilet clogged.  Short fat turd.  Let's get out of here.
. . . That was quick.
Hey.  Hey.  If you don't mind use the back stairs all right?
Maybe.  Or maybe somebody's finally caught up with us.  Somebody with a grudge.  Thought you might want to spread the word.
Rorschach that was a long time ago.  I mean that -- that's just paranoia.
So do I.  So do you.
Human bean juice.  The Comedian is dead.
Sure.  You got some kind of -- bean juice on it.
Did anybody follow you?  See you come here?
Hiya pardner.  Long time no see.
My dad's a watchmaker.  I'll put it back together for you.  Better than ever.
I can fix it.
Janey will you marry me?
Stupid watch.  Stopped again.  Do you have the --
We should get back to the lab.  You okay Jon?
Nothing.  What were you going to say?
We should get back --  What?
Anything for science I guess.  Janey there's something --
Jon Osterman you don't act like a Princeton boy.  What's a big lug like you doing in a place like this?
Nothing wrong with ketchup.
With lots of ketchup?
I'll say.  If we ever get off this looney-tune project I'm gonna head straight for civilization and buy me a big thick steak.
Isn't it true that you --
I did not.  Now get out of my way!
Did you know he was back on the streets?
No comment.
No.  We laid out very careful ground rules --
Oh sweetheart just a quick one.
No.  No.  Cut.  -- Justine we agreed.  No questions about the Watchmen.
Thanks no.  But it's a wonderful product.  Now Adrian -- your old colleague Dr. Manhattan has just left the planet amid rumors --
Sphinx brand.  When I got out of weapons design I wanted to move into a more . . . humanitarian area.  I was thinking: what would do some good in the world?  And I thought: why not a genetically-altered tobacco that no only doesn't cause cancer -- but cleans out your lungs as you smoke it?  In fact I think I'll have one now.  Care to join me?
That's right.  Your meal ticket's flown the coop.  That blue bastard has apparently left the planet.
Jon??  You mean he's --
Oh I am honey.  You see Russian tanks are crossing the Afghan border this very minute.  And we are all of us every living soul in deep deep shit -- because our number-one strategic weapons has finally flipped out.
I don't know why you've been keeping me here but you're in deep shit --
You're free to do whatever you goddamn well please.  Let's move it.
Am I free to go?
All right Miss Juspeczyk.  Pack your things.
That's it.  This is all a trick isn't it?  Some kind of horrible joke to make me --
Six to eight months.  That's with treatment.  -- Perhaps now you can see why it's so vital that we locate your . . . friends.
What does this mean?  What does it --
I'm terribly sorry.
What are you saying?  That Jon is radioactive?
Sit down Miss Juspeczyk.  As I mentioned the people in this file are all close associates of Dr. Manhattan.  They have something else in common as well.  They've all developed a fairly . . . exotic form of lymphatic cancer.
Then why don't you ask him?!?
I don't know their real names!
You're lying Miss Juspeczyk.
I don't know their real names.
Their real names please.
I'm sorry about Blake.
Maybe I'll do that.
Nasty cough.  -- Try one of mine.  Darling you need to get out of the house.  Why don't you give Daniel a call?  I'm sure he'd be glad to hear from you.
I suppose I'm serving my purpose aren't I.  I'll ring for the guards.
What about you?
I know.  I shouldn't be saying this.  He's happy he's content he's doing his work --
Laurie -- he's the most powerful man who's ever lived.  He's changed the world.
Stay Adrian.  I just -- every once in a while I need to talk to someone human.  He doesn't think like we do.  He doesn't even feel what we feel.  I mean -- he even scares the research teams.
He's a little farther gone every time.
I'll take a raincheck Laurie.
Adrian!  Don't leave so soon.  I --
He's in by the superaccelerator.  -- Let me take your coat.
And how's life with the walking H-bomb?
Don't rub it in.  I live here.
Laurie!  Good to see you.
No no.  You got it all wrong.  I been on the case Rorschach I got something for you.
Two things I hate.  Street mimes . . . users of recreational drugs.
Don't know.  Ask around.  I'll be back.
CTU?  Jesus.  You don't think --
Worked both sides of the fence.  Ask your old buddies in the CTU.
Rorschach you're talkin' heavy duty stuff.  I got nothing to do with --
ALL RIGHT!  ALL RIGHT!!  -- How'd you find me?
Terrorist.  Radical agitator.  Stool pigeon.
You're making a big --
Edgar William Jacobi aka William Edgar Bright a.k.a. Moloch.
I don't know who you are buddy but I swear to God you got the wrong guy.
Before you do that you might want to look at what I've been looking at.
Call off the cat and I'll kill you Veidt.
No.  I just hastened the inevitable.  He's been ready to blow for years.  I knew all it would take was a little push.  So I uh . . . gave his friends and associates cancer.
Veidt.  You're the one who started World War III.
Dr. Manhattan right.  Now if you boys care to join me we'll go save the world.
Gila Flats -- place where Jon turned into . . .
Fate of the world at stake Adrian.  Can't get too worked up over bad press.
Yeah I've heard all about your conspiracy theories.  Now I've got a roomful of cameras in there.  I want you out.  Now.  And whatever you're doing knock it off.  You're making us all look bad.
Bigger than I thought.  CTU involved . . .
What is that ungodly smell?
Too important for telephone.  Comedian -- Dr. Manhattan.  All linked up.
Ever see one of these before?
New information.
Storm.  Try to look for the highest vantage point. From what I can figure he'll need to gain as much altitude as possible to blanket the island.  It is my feeling that Magneto has to--
I wish I could go.
... until he found tungsten.
Thomas Edison knew how to make the light bulb.  He had the energy source. He had the vacuum.  But he didn't have the filament.  He tried metal after metal but nothing would hold to power.
The neuro-filter acts like a surge protector regulating the infinite flow of information from Cerebro to the Professor's mind.  It's what keeps him from being crushed by the consciousness of millions.
What does that mean?
So where do you think he's planning this larger demonstration?
Yes -- Only there's a problem.  The mutator gene is not responding to the radiation the way it would in mother nature.  It's forcing the body's cells to replicate thousands of times faster than they're accustomed to.  The Senator's body is literally burning itself out.  Scott -- this machine kills people and I don't think Magneto realizes it.
For what purpose?
Correct...  Apparently Adamantium is the only metal strong enough to hold the energy this machine produces.  He used the Adamantium in Logan's dog tag to test it on the Senator.  And I assume now he plans to use the rest of Logan's skeleton for a larger demonstration.
It appears as though Magneto has built a machine which somehow triggers the mutator gene in normal human beings. And he is using Adamantium as its core.
I'm afraid without Cerebro's help he won't have the strength to heal himself -- And without the neuro- filter... there's no Cerebro.
Can the Professor repair his own mind?
I'm sorry.  I'm not strong enough.
Jean... can you?
Storm Rogue -- you take the south entrance.  Jean and I will go in here.
It's too far.
I'm going to assume that means that the Secret Service is out of commission.  Jean can you raise me up there?
Into the Hudson?
Radar Stealth Mode checks out.  All right there'll be less security north of the George Washington Bridge.  I'm taking her down.
He calls me sport one more time and I'll blow a watermelon-sized hole through him.
What's that?
I'll tell you one thing though.
Well I think that's perfectly understandable.
Hey.  I'm sorry.  About Logan.  I was jealous.
No.  I'm...  I don't know if we can do this without Charles.
Are you all right?
We have to find Magneto.
He's already losing control of his vitals.  Respiratory.  Cardiovascular. Unless we manage to replace the filter by tomorrow morning I'm afraid.
His vital signs are weak and getting weaker.
What's wrong with him?
If Magneto is planning to use Logan for some terrible purpose it's our responsibility to do something.
You saw what happened tonight.  You think Magneto won't come after him again.  You think he won't come here if necessary.  This is a school for God's sake.
What are you talking about?
I don't like him being here.
Scott.. I -
Sure you are sport.
I'm o.k.  I'm o.k.
Shut up.  I got no interest in you Xavier  or your... X-Men.
You know you --
I've served with men like you before. Methodical.  Systematic -- Naive.  You know what happens to those men in a real fight?
I don't remember.  Is that what you wanted to ask me?
How long have you been in Alaska?
I wanted to talk to you.
Inspiring -- Now what am I doing here?
Yeah I'll bet you have.
I've seen a lot of rings.
Logan do you see this ring?
What is it you're failing to get at? Are you interested in me?
He takes himself seriously.
He takes his work seriously.
He's uptight.
Suit yourself.
Not interested.
What do you say?
Were you now?
I was thinking maybe you and me could go into town.
He's busy right now.
You should always work with a spotter.
What if they're naughty?
If necessary.
By reading my thoughts?
Maybe the Professor could help you with that.
Yeah?  Well I don't like to talk about my past.
The Professor said you were a solider. Actually I believe he used the word mercenary.
What if I like the pain?
I'll see what I can do -- You should get some sleep.  Even with your healing ability you're going to be hurting for a while.
I won't light the cigars - how about that?
There's no smoking or drinking on the school grounds.
Some cigars.  Case of beer.
Anything else I can get you?
I can assure you there is no such creature in my genes.
The mutant gene tells the body when it needs to change.
Tell it to the ones that did this to me.
Treat you like a mutant?  We are not what you think.  Not all of us.
I'm sorry to come here Ms. Grey.  I was afraid if I went to a hospital they would...
I can assure you there is no such creature in my genes.
I presume nothing I am here to tell you that in time the mutator gene will activate in every living human being on this planet.  Perhaps even your children Senator.
This was taken by a state police officer in Secaucus New Jersey.  A man in a minor altercation literally melted the car in front of him.  I don't know where you come from Ms. Grey but where I come from you don't go melting people's cars when they cut you off.  You do it the old fashioned way -- you give 'em the finger.  But what you presume to tell this committee -
Control Senator...  we teach them control.
You wouldn't happen to be teaching them how to use their powers to --
Math.  History.  Science.  English. Athletics --
Ms. Grey -- you work at a school for mutants in Westchester New York.  Can you tell the members of this committee what exactly you are teaching these mutants?
I am avoiding a question that is decidedly loaded Senator.  The wrong person behind the wheel of a car can be dangerous.
You're avoiding the question I posed to you at the beginning of the hearing Ms. Grey.  Three words: Are mutants dangerous?
Let's just say God works too slowly.
What is it you intend to do to me?
INTENTION?  Intention Senator?  We are talking about mankind here.  His fear.  It is only a matter of time before mutants will be herded into camps.  Studied for weaknesses.  And eventually wiped off the face of the Earth.
The intention of registration act -
Gosh I hope so.
Whatever you do to me... no matter what you'll make me right.  Every word I have spoken will be confirmed.
You mutant bastards...
Mr. Guyrich has been dead for some time Senator.
You... wha... Who are you... Where is Henry?
In the road to survival there is always sacrifice Logan.  We are the future... not them.  We must protect ourselves.  After tonight when the leaders of the world return home -- They will return as brothers as mutants... and our cause will be theirs.  This is survival I know you understand that Logan... or is it Wolverine?
What are you going to do?
You're backstage at the encore of creation.
Where am I?
You think I care about her?  I'm the only one who's sure to walk out of here.
Come with me and I'll let her live.
What do you want?
I do love a good check mate.
What?... miss me?  Charley I'm gonna walk out the front door and trust me it won't be soon enough for everyone here.
Why?  You have a home here now if you want it.  Everyone will...
Actually I'm feeling up to leaving.
They're all asking how you're doing. Are you feeling up to saying hello to everyone?
Don't you knock?
I've found her Westchester Mall.
We were friends once...  But that was a long time ago.
He helped you?
Actually Magneto helped me put it together.
You designed this yourself?
The brainwaves of mutants are quite different than those of the average human being.
To find Rogue.
Where are we going?
I believe he wants you for your Adamantium.
No.  That's me talking.  And you know what?  It's only been thirty-two hours and you still have no idea what this guy wants with me.
Now that's Magneto talking.
What if it never happens?  What if they're so afraid of us that we become the enemy? -- This place is gonna be one giant cemetery.
The point is to step into a more evolved position of social responsibility.  To recognize that there is a world out there and that we mutants are as much a part of it as normal human beings.
The point of what?
Forty-eight hours old man.  But if you cross me I won't feel any guilt about what I do to you.
A very powerful mutant who for some reason has taken an interest in you. I'm not sure why but until we find out I must ask you to stay.
I brought you here so that you would be safe from Magneto.
What am I doing here?
And you think it helps calling her Rogue?
If she held on any longer she could have.
I felt like she almost killed me.
She borrowed your power to save her life.  When she touches someone she absorbs their strengths -- their gifts.  In your case -- your ability to heal.  That's why she keeps her body covered.
What did she do to me?
The sun is setting Logan.  You've been asleep for nineteen hours.
Why is everybody up at sunrise?
I'll find him.
Enough for a test.
Is it enough?
A piece.  Only a piece.
Is that what you're looking for?
It was Xavier's people.  They knew.
I lost him.
I feel a great swell of pity for the poor soul who comes to that school again looking for trouble.
And what do you do when you wake up to that?
It does indeed Max.
Doesn't it ever wake you in the middle of the night?  The feeling that some day some day very soon they will pass that foolish law - or one just like it - and they will come for you and your children?  Take you all away?
I wouldn't really have let you die you know.  I just needed...
WHAT DO YOU MEAN TO DO?
This checkmate goes to you.  I didn't want to hurt anyone.  But you leave me no choice.
What do you mean to do?
I'm going to change the world with or without you as a witness Charles.  And this one gets a front row seat.
The way what is going to be?
If I could make you understand.  If you could just be made to see it the way I do.  The way it's going to be.
Let's just say that I am out to make some radical changes.  Now come on Charles.  For old times sake for your sake...  Leave him to me.
You definition of definitive was always a bit extreme for me Max. What is it like these days?
Still trying to make the world safe for our kind.  Still trying to find a way to introduce ourselves -- definitively.
Is that so?
What do you want with him?
The two in Alaska.  Just how do you people manage to be in the right place at the right time?  Still tinkering with Cerebro?
Not at the cost of lives Max.
I am trying to save our kind Charles. You should do the same.
And I'll never understand terrorists.
I'll never understand your regard for them Charles.
Herr Falkstein -- you must go at once and present Dr. Frankenstein with all the details of his inheritance.  The estate will provide for your journey.
He is the fifth leading authority in his field.
And has he achieved...any special degree of eminence?
Yes my dear he is.
Excuse me Mr. Waldman -- excuse me for interrupting.  But is Frederick then...a medical doctor?
Now wait a minute!
I think we all need a good night's sleep.  Why don't we meet next week and thrash this thing out?
They say also that you have recreated the horrible monster who for so many years has haunted and terrorized the God-fearing people of this village.  What say you to that?
Ugly vicious rumous.
Forgive me for intruding so late at night Herr Baron.  But an ugly rumor has it that there are strange goings on in this castle.  These good citizens are ready to rip you from limb to limb unless you can offer some rational explanation for their fears.  How say you?
Victor Frankenstein.
What was your grandfather's name?
The grandson of Victor 'Fronkonsteen'?
Dr. Frederick Fronkonsteen.
And who might you be?
You have the wrong house.
Frederick Frankenstein?
Yes sir.  Do you want the other cauliflower?
Bring me some surgical gauze a little tape and some disinfectant.
He has a big mouth.  Yes!  It seems to me I did read something about that incident as a student.  But you have to remember that a worm -- with very few exceptions -- is not a human being.
Give him an extra dollar.
Here!  This cauliflower is useless to me.
No sir.  It will never happen again.
Are you trying to make me look like an idiot?
Yes sir.  But I must have taken the wrong one when we came up.
Didn't you prepare it with the celery before my lecture?
From your office sir.
Where did you get this cauliflower?
I have taken an oath that each letter of this testament shall be executed...and by God it shall be done!
Herr Falkstein! You have your instructions!
'Functional areas of the cerebrum in relation to the skull.'
What lecture could be more important than the will of Baron Beaufort Frankenstein?
Yes sir he was.  But he said he was obligated to lecture at Johns Hopkins University.
Was he aware of the importance of this occasion?
But I received a cable only this morning saying that he could not come.
Herr Falkstein!  Did you inform Frederick Frankenstein of this assembly and all the particulars of the time and place?
So this is what it's like to be completely happy!
Love me oodles and oodles?
Still happy you married me?
Did you see?...I put a special hamper in the bathroom just for your shirts.  the other one is just for socks and poo-poo undies.
Probably just some nearby cottage. Nothing to worry about.
MMMMM!  MMMMM!
Is it that music?
All right then... seven's always been my lucky number.
You're incorrigible!... Aren't you?
What in God's name are you doing?
Well... yes.
That's my good boy.
Good night.
Of course I am.  Now give me a kiss and say good night like my good boy.
I suppose you're right.
Is it worth taking a chance?
That's a tough choice.
Would you want me now like this so soon before our wedding? ... So near we can almost touch it? Or wait a little while longer when I can give myself without hesitation?... When I can be totally and unashamedly yours??
I don't want to spoil anything -- I just want to top it all off.
Oh darling!  Don't let's spoil everything.
Yes but... I thought perhaps tonight under the circumstances I might... stay here with you.
Is your room just down the hall? ... in case I get frightened during the night?
Of course I am.  Now come along like a good boy.
I suppose you're right.
You've done everything that's humanly possible Frederick.  Oh darling I'm so worried about you -- you need rest.
Oh Delbruck Delbruck.  Was will dien tachlas von Dir?
But you can't do that at night. And even if you could -- it would cost a fortune.  Come to bed darling.
But there's a genius inside that body -- crying out for love and understanding and normal human relationships.  I just have to find some way to re-establish his communications system.
Darling you mustn't worry so.
Poor Delbruck!  There must be some way to reach him -- to control that body.
All right then!
No of course not.  I just meant...
Are you suggesting I call him master???
Why does he call you 'master'?
Yes he's a little bit... tilted. Harmless though.
What a strange fellow.
Give me a hand with these will you Ayegor?
Yes.  I am a bit tired after all.
Ready darling?
I mean it's been a long day. I'm sure you must be as tired as I am.  Oh!  These are my assistants:  Inga and Ayegor.
Love you! ...Well why don't we turn in?
Goodbye darling!
Goodbye darling.
Goodbye darling.
I will!  Goodbye darling!
You bet your boots it does.
Does that mean you love me?
You're incorrigible!
I've trimmed the list to only our very closest friends...but it still comes to three thousand.
Whatever makes you happy.
I hope you like large weddings.
Mother's going to help me with the invitations.
Very....very!
Will you miss me?
Oh darling -- so will I.
Oh darling -- I'll count the hours that you're away.
Call me from New York before you leave??
Yes don't worry.
And your passport?
You have your tickets?
Darling!...you will be careful!?
Elizabeth!?!  'Can't waits any longer.  Arrive in your arms at ten tonight.' Oh God!  Not tonight.
This wire came while you were gone. Your fiancee will be arriving any moment.
What are you waiting around for pickle puss?
I put her in the guest room just down the hall.
I don't think so.  Is my assistant taken care of?
Will there be anything else?
Well... we'll see.
I think you must be mistaken sir.
Surely he kept his notes -- his private papers and records in some other place?
This is the only library I know of.
well there was a public and a private library -- he said so in his will.  these books are all very general -- any doctor might have them in his study.
I don't know what you mean sir.
I see.  And where is my grandfather's private library?
Yes this was Victor's... the Baron's medical library.
There seem to be quite a few books.
May I have it please?
No!  Dr. Frankenstein always kept that separate.
Yes!... the laboratory.
You mean... the laboratory??
Does that include the key to the laboratory?
You'll fine the keys to all the rooms in my cas... all the rooms in your castle on this ring.  I'll leave it on the table here.
It seems fine.
I hope you find this comfortable. This was Baron Victor's room.
Saturday night yes sir.  Have a pleasant journey!
Saturday night then!  I'll take the train to New York and fly from there.
Not at all -- a great privilege Doctor.
Well thank you very much for all your trouble.
One week -- I'll see to it sir.
One week at the most!?
All right then I suppose I owe the family that much.  You'll have everything ready for me when I arrive?
The old violinist -- you smashed his violin over your knee.
I didn't do that.
Break that old man's violin.
Why did you do that?
Well... if you're sure that I could accomplish everything in a week... I suppose I could manage it.
I'll have to think it over.  It's not so easy just to pick up and...
A week.  Ten days at most.
How long will this whole thing take?
Do you have a hundred thousand of them sir?
But I can't just drop everything and leave.  I have responsibilities and obligations.
Oh at least sir.  The land alone is worth a small fortune.
My name is Gerhart Falkstein.
Fron kon steen!
Dr. Frankenstein?
My grandfather's work was Doo-Doo! Dead is Dead!  There's only one thing I am interested in... and that is the preservation of LIFE!
But your grandfather's work sir...
You have more chance of re-animating this knife than you have of mending a broken nervous system
I am a scientist...!  not a philosopher.
Hearts and kidneys are Tinker Toys! I'm talking about the Central Nervous System.
But look at what's been done with hearts and kidneys!
Nineteen!  My dear young man... once the human organism has ceased to function nature has deemed that creature to be dead.
Nineteen sir.
How old are you young man?
Yes but sir... if it could be accomplished wouldn't that eliminate disease from the human frame and render man invulnerable to any but a violent death?
You are talking about the gibberish ravings of a lunatic mind.
But aren't you the least bit curious about it Doctor?  Doesn't the secret of life hold any intrigue for you?
My father was a sick man.
But wasn't that the whole basis of your grandfathers work sir...? the re-animation of component parts?
Are you speaking of the worm or ... the spaghetti.
Vermicelli.
A piece of what?
Isn't it true that Darwin preserved a piece of vermicelli in a glass case until by some extraordinary means it actually began to move with voluntary motion?
Dr. Fronkonsteen!
In conclusion... it should be noted that more than common injury to the nerve roots is always serious because... once a nerve fibber is severed... there is no way to regenerate life back into it.  Are there any more questions before we leave?
Very good!  Since our lab work today is a demonstration of just that distinction... why don't we proceed?
Well sir... I'm not sure I understand the distinction between 'Reflexive' and 'Voluntary' nerve impulses.
I prefer by far to be remembered for my own small contributions to science.  Now if we can proceed to your questions.
That's true!  But my grandfather Victor was after all what we might politely refer to as... a cuckoo!
But aren't you the grandson of the famous Dr. Victor Frankenstein?... who performed such fascinating experiments in electricity and galvanism?
No it's Dr. Fronkonsteen!
Oh!  I thought it was Dr. Frankenstein.
My name is pronounced Fron kon steen.
I beg your pardon?
That's 'Fronkonsteen.'
Okay boss!  But I hope you know what you're doing.
It's the only way.
Yes master.  Are you sure you want to go through with it?
Is everything ready?
Come on big fellow!
I'll bet it's a doozy.
There's only one way.
I like your style master.  How do we get him here?
... and equalize the imbalance in his cerebrospinal fluid...
That sound good boss.
No!  The only hope now is to get him back here.  If I can just find a way to relieve the pressure on his cerebellum...
He's carrying her off now through the woods.
You don't understand Master. The big fellow's broken in and kidnapped your fiancee.
What monster?
Come on Froderick -- none of that.
I'm a failure.
That's what we're paid for.
Thanks...for all your help.
Maybe...if you get here on time.
Can you play it?
Bring -- me -- the -- violin!
How do you know it was a 'she'?
All right -- where is she?
How do you know it was a 'he'?
Where is he?
Someone was playing this in the music room.
What did you find out?
How's it going?
Act casual!
Yes Master!
Ayegor!  Find out where that music is coming from as quietly and as blindingly fast as you can.
It seem to have stopped the big fellow in his tracks.
... Whew!  I'm glad that's over with.
No no!  That whole thing!
... I'm glad that's...
Repeat it anyway -- it's a wonderful cue.
I'm not trying to be funny.
What's the point of my setup? It's not funny unless you repeat exactly what you said.
You're just supposed to repeat what you said.
You can say that again.
Whew!  I'm glad that's over with.
Give -- me -- your -- hand!
careful master -- you never can tell with these chaps.
But don't you see...the brain of Hans Delbruck is inside this grotesque hulk -- pleading with us.  I've got to untie it.
Don't fall for that one.
It's trying to talk.  it wants us to take off the straps.
I suppose you're right.  Inga! Prepare a sedative just in case.
Better not get too close master. This guy could kill you.
It wasn't me.
But you did -- I just heard it.
I didn't make a 'yummy' sound -- I just asked what it was.
To you!  You just made a 'yummy' sound so I thought you liked the dessert.
Who are you talking to?
Oh do you like it?  I'm not partial to desserts but this is excellent.
You're right!  Self-pity never got anyone anywhere.  Let's go back and finish our dinner.
I'm not that sort you know.  I appreciate you feelings but try to show them some other way.
I'm sorry.  I don't mean to take out my frustration on you.  You've been a great help to me and I've let you down.
You'll be getting me sad next.
Well I don't like to see you mope.
Don't try to cheer me up that way.
You mustn't take it so hard. Bucharest wasn't built in a day.
Cold!  Cold and dead!
But there must be a reason. This is science not art.
You can't win 'em all.
Wait till he sees the bill.
Throw the third switch!
More do you hear me?
It's not enough.  More!  More do you hear me?
This guy means business.
Throw the second switch!
You've got it master.
Yes!  When I give the word -- throw the first switch!
The ancient masters promised impossibilities and performed nothing.  We shall penetrate into the recesses of nature.  We shall ascend into the Heavens.  We shall command the thunders of Heaven mimic the earthquake and even mock the invisible world with its own shadows.
All right... elevate me!
You'd better hurry -- I think it's going to rain.
Yes master.  Just don't turn on any radios.
Yes!  It's all written down in the notes.  Tie off the kites and come down!
You're sure you know what you're doing?
Thank you Master.
If you like -- just hurry!
It's always been one of my favorite names.
Oh!  May I call you 'Master'?
He only died two weeks ago -- I'm sure they'll still have him. Hurry now.  I'll prepare the body.
I'm getting excited just thinking about it.  What if he's not there?
Can you imagine that brain in this body?
That's not bad.
And he wrote seventeen cookbooks.
Was he any good???  He was the finest natural philosopher internal medicine diagnostician and chemical therapist of this century.
Was he any good?
I want that brain.
Yes.  Dr. H. Delbruck.
Do you have the name I wrote down?
I have a pretty good idea.
Very little decay.  With this magnificent specimen for a body all we need now is an equally magnificent brain.  You know what to do!
Could be raining!
Could be worse!
What a filthy job!
Yes I think we could all use a good laugh.
Taking the book along?
Funny it should just be lying out here on the table.  I wonder what kind of dribble this is?
'How I Did It.'  Good title!
It is!  This was my grandfather's private library.  Look at this!
Must be the music room.
What is this place?
No but when I first came in there was a light coming from behind that steel door.
Did you see anyone else down here?
Two switches over there but I wasn't going to be the first.
You didn't hear... nothing! Aren't there any lights in this place?
It seems that way.  You didn't hear any music at all?
Did you hear that strange music?
Did you hear that strange music??
Did you hear that strange music?
Just putting up some tea.
But what you were doing?
I got frightened all alone upstairs so I came down here.
What are you doing here?
Fro-derick!
I wonder what's got into them?
Down!  Get down you beasts!
Go ahead play dumb!  You'll lose your sockers and then be fockers.
Wockers with the knockers???
The wockers with the knockers.
What wockers?
Suit yourself...I'm easy.  Better watch out for the wockers.
I thought you wanted to.
Why are you talking like that?
There wolf!  There castle!
I beg your pardon?
Incidentally -- I don't mean to embarrass you in any way but I'm a rather brilliant surgeon.  Perhaps I can help you with that hump.
Yes just the two.
Are these your bags?
How do you do?
This is Inga.  They thought you might need an assistant temporarily.
I'm sure we will.
Yes that's right.  My grandfather and your grandfather used to pal around together.  You and I should have a lot of laughs.
You were sent by Herr Falkstein weren't you?
Well they were wrong then weren't they?
But they told me it was Ee gor.
No it's pronounced Aye gor.
You must be Igor.
It's not.  It's Fredereck Fronkonsteen.
Why isn't it Frodereck Fronkon steen?
No Fred ereck.
And do you also say Fro dereck?
No it's pronounced Fron kon steen.
Are you putting me on?
Fron kon steen!
Frederick Frankenstein?
Don't you think I know that?  But what are you judging by?  Bucharest??? This was always a hick town.  They can't get a 'Bus and Truck' company to come in here.  Are you going to let these idiots get the best of you? ...Or are you going to stand up like a man and show them that you've got more dignity in your little finger than they've got in all their beer- bloated bodies put together?
Wait!  Stop!  Don't give them the satisfaction.  I know it's tough but look at how far we've come! Are you going to throw it all away now??
MMMMMMMMMM! MMMMMMMMMMMM!
For  God's sake -- go on!  Are you trying to make me look like a fool. Sing you amateur!  Sing!!
MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMmmmmmmmmmmm!
...Su-per du-per. Come let's mix where Rock- e-fellers walk with sticks or 'um-ber- el-las' in their mitts.........................
MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMmmmmm.
Soo -- pah doo -- per.
Dressed up like a million dollar trouper Trying hard to look like Gary Cooper.
Poo -- tmmm anngh ma Ritz!
Diff'rent types who wear a day coat pants with stripes and cutaway coat perfect fits.........................
Poo -- tmmm anngh ma Ritz!
MMmmm!  MMmmm!
Get the sedative ready!
It's alive.  It's -- moving! It's -- breathing!  It's -- standing!  What is your name?
Yes I'm going to set you free.  Is the sedative ready?
MMMmmmm!  MMMmmmm!
I'm going to untie you -- can you understand that?
MMMmmmmmmmm.
How's everything?
MMMMMmmmmmmm.
Hello there.
It's alive!
MMMMMMMMMMMMMNNNNNNmmmmmmmm?!?
Nice!  Nice little balance to it.
Oh just a little.
It's an honor for me sir.  You play the violin?
May I see your violin?
How sweet!  Such a quaint little tune.
Zis is an old Transylvanian Lullaby.
What's that tune that you're playing
MMMMMMMMMMMMMMmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!
Sweetheart.....Is this really you???
I love it when you're excited.  Come then my Apfelstrudel!  Come into my arms and let me hold you.
MMMMMMmmmmmmmmm!
Ready for Fuchsmachen???
Are you ready for me?
Yes sweetie...I heard you.  So! I'm ready for you meine Liebe.
All right if I turn out the lamp sweetheart?
...But an intellectual relationship like this -- we could have as often as we wanted.  Three times a day -- anything!
Yes I will.
You've got to help me to remain faithful.
Yes I know.
It wouldn't be fair to her.
Yes I know.
Well...  ... perhaps for a few minutes.
Why don't we talk inside?
Yes...yes you have yours.
And I have mine.
Yes I have mine.
But after all you have yours.
Yes Elizabeth has hers.
And Elizabeth has hers.
We all have our feelings.  I know that I have mine.  And... I wouldn't want to hurt yours.
No.  Nor to Elizabeth.
Nor to Elizabeth.
I say it wouldn't be fair to you... or to me.
Of course not.
It wouldn't be fair to Elizabeth.
I know Frederick.
There can never... ever... be anything physical between us. You know that dear.
I see what you mean.
I know but I mean -- not fooling around physically?... Or not fooling around intellectually?
Not fooling around.
It's terrible -- the price society demands in the name of fidelity... ultimately?
I've missed you intellectually too Doctor.
Oh a little.  But it's not just physical loneliness.  It's the pangs that come from missing someone intellectually... as I have you.
What's wrong Doctor?  You seem... lonely.
Just passing through the night.
Wonderful?  It's terrible! Terrible terrible terrible terrible terrible!
Why doctor...how wonderful for you.
Good night!
Good night Doctor.
Good!  It shouldn't take more than a few seconds.
I think so.
Did you do it?
Oh!  Yes Doctor.
Give him the sedative!
Are you serious??
All right -- give it to him!
Stop -- singing!!!
It has a pas-sion 'The Con-ti nen-tal...'
It's some-thing dar-ing 'The Con-ti-nen-tal' A way of danc-ing that's real-ly ul-tra new; It's ver-y sub-tle 'The Con-ti-nen-tal.'
This is not the finals -- just sing!
I'd be so nervous.
Yes -- quickly dear!
Do you think you can sing it?
I think I'll...carry him.
What are you going to do?
What do you think we should do?
It looks that way.
Alive!  Look at it.  I have defeated death!
I think you've done it master.
Look here -  if it wasn't you and it wasn't you and it wasn't me...
It wasn't me.
I don't understand -- I followed the notes to the letter.
I thought it was wonderful.
Reputation.  Reputation!
Oh!  Yes Doctor.
Raise the platform hurry!
Right here?
Oh Frederick... you're not only a great doctor you're a great... you're almost a...
Soon all the electrical secrets of Heaven shall be mine.
'Dilation of his sacral parasympathetic impulses would cause an increase in flow of blood and the erection to approximately nineteen inches of his apparatus genitals.'
And look at this Doctor!
'As the minuteness of the parts formed a great hindrance to my speed I resolved to make the Creature of a gigantic stature.' Of course!  That would simplify everything.
Perhaps we'd better leave.
But who was playing it?
Well this explains the music.
Look Doctor!
What a filthy mess.
All right then quietly!  Close your robe and stay right behind me. Don't make a sound!
Let me come with you Doctor please!  I don't want to stay up here alone.
Whatever it is it's coming from down there.  I'm going down to see.
Dr. Fronkonsteen -- look!
I don't know.  It just woke me up.
Yes!  What could it be at this hour?
Listen!  Don't you hear that strange music?
What is it?  Is something wrong Doctor?
Inga wake up!
Yes you may... but don't make any noise.
Well... I'll just finish unpacking.
No thanks!  I want to get right to sleep.
Would you like a sandwich?
Well.. I suppose it would be all right for just a little while.
Oh please -- just till I get sleepy. Then you can force me right back to my room.
I know but usually I can fall asleep right away.  It must be the strange room.
We only arrived a few minutes ago.
Could I lie down in your bed for a little while?  I just can't sleep.
That's quite all right.  What is it dear?
Are you busy?
Just an atmospheric discharge. Nothing to be afraid of.
Sometimes I'm afraid of the lightning.
I'm not sure I...get your drift.
Did you ever have a roll in the hay?
Yes thank you.  It wasn't bad.
Did you have a pleasant trip?
Extremely well.
Do Something!  Stall them!
Another fifteen seconds to go.
Igor -- the clock!  Hurry!
Oh must be around ten... ten-thirty.
Sounds like visitors.  It's all right -- Frau Blucher will show them in.
Absolutely!  May my mother grow two heads if I'm not telling the truth.
Igor -- are you sure the monster has a good brain?  Are you absolutely certain that you took the brain of Hans Delbruck that night?
Oh Igor -- I'm so afraid!  I just hope this all ends well.
What d'ya want to do to kill time?
Three minutes to go!
How long is it so far?
The doctor said to allow seven minutes:  no more and no less -- or else they could both become hopelessly paralyzed.
How do you know they're done?
Why certainly.  Don't you Frau Blucher?
I think the doctor is a genius! Don't you Igor?
You can't expect to iron out all the kinks in one night.
Look how far we've come.
Why don't we all turn in?  It's been a long day.
I'm getting tired.
Do you know the theme from 'Doctor Zhivago'?
It's working!  Oh Doctor -- you play beautifully.
Whew!  A nineteen-inch drill.
His schwanzstucker.
There must have been someone else down here then.
No not sound.
Franz!  Help!  Lunatic!
GRRRHMMNNNJKJMMMNN!
Now just one moment.  There's no need for roughhousing.  Have you ever tried a tip?
Oh no sir-ee.  If yo don't have a reservation you can skip to ma-loo.
I'm sorry sir.  We only seat by reservation.
Do you have a reservation?
Yes sir name please?
